AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Affiliation Affiliation Affiliation : All Courses at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology and Management(AIETM) are affiliated to Rajasthan Technical University (RTU, Kota) and are approved by AICTE. About RTU : Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) was established in 2006 by the Government of Rajasthan to enhance the technical education in the state. The University aims to provide quality technical education which may help Rajasthan in it's technical development and will boost technical environment in the country. About AICTE : The AICTE was constituted in 1945 as an advisory body in all matters relating to technical education. Even though it had no statutory powers, it played a very important role in the development of technical education in the country. It had four regional committees with offices at Chennai, Mumbai, Kanpur and Calcutta. All the new schemes and proposals for starting new institutions/Programmes were approved by the corresponding Regional Committee and subsequently vetted by the Council. RTU Affilation & AIETM Approval Letter EOA Report 2022-23 EOA Report 2021-22 EOA Report 2020-21 EOA Report 2019-20 EOA Report 2018-19 EOA Report 2017-18 EOA Report 2016-17 EOA Report 2015-16 EOA Report 2014-15 EOA Report 2013-14 Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Overview Arya Overview Amenities at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management (AIETM) provide far more than academic and administrative facilities on campus. It is dedicated to provide students with an exceptional infrastructure for learning as well as facilities for simplifying the procurement of fundamental skills. To accomplish the goal, AIETM offers the following : Green Campus The Institute has an impressive and pollution-free campus with panoramic green surroundings, elegant landscaping and beautiful flowerbeds. Transport The institute runs its own fleet of buses and Cabs for the convenience of the students and the staff members to help them commute from Jaipur and surrounding areas. The students intending to avail the transport facility need to inform the transport officer at the time of admission. Sports Activities Spending quality time is never a problem in the Institute. Sports facilities are provided for Lawn tennis, Table tennis, Carom, Billiards Table, Cricket, Football, Badminton, Basketball, and Volleyball. Evenings find students enjoying the pleasure of these sports as players and audience. Mess The institute has its huge mess , which serves healthy and nutritious cuisines to its students. Canteen The institute has its own canteen, which serves healthy and nutritious food to its students at subsidized rates. The menu varies from spicy samosas, wafers to full-meals. The students also have a wide range of chocolates and soft drinks to choose from. Water & Electricity The institute has complete arrangements to deliver uninterrupted water and electricity supply for the students, round the clock. Sufficient water coolers with filtered water are available throughout the campus to provide clean drinking water to the students. In case of power failures, high power generators are also available. Constant monitoring is carried out to ensure that cleanliness is given utmost importance. Health Health is wealth. Keeping this in mind regular health checkup Camps are organized in the campus to examine the health of students and staff members. Acquisition of health related knowledge, attitudes, skills and practices empower students to pursue a healthy life. The energetic students take full advantage of every opportunity to learn and thus achieve higher - academic excellence & tend to maximize social relationships and interactions, thus improving their chances of balanced progress. Medical Each hostel is provided with necessary first aid facilities. The Institute provides free first aid to the students in college campus during working hours. Qualified physicians are available in the close proximity of the college & hostels for consultancy. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Career Guidance Cell Career Guidance Cell The career guidance cell provides relevant academic and career information to enable Students to make informed decisions along the way. Our focus is to provide learning/training opportunities in the areas of academic, career and personal/ Social development and to prepare students to meet their future challenges. The career guidance cell of the college is constituted with a placement officer and faculty members of the college to provide necessary guidance and information to the students in shaping the future career. The team keeps up to date with employment trends and options to ensure quality advice to students. The Career Guidance Cell provides commendable services in areas of Campus Interviews; Job Placements and training programmes for our students that enable them to develop applicable skills in the competitive job market. The Cell also organizes Workshops and Seminars on Personality Development, Interpersonal Relationship, Communication Skills, Interview Skills and Presentation Skills to enable the All Round development of individuals. Eminent resource persons from various sectors and esteemed institutions are invited for providing training to the students. The Career Guidance Cell has been catering to the needs of students with the following objectives: To conduct a survey among students on their career options. To organize programmes to create awareness about the importance of higher studies in India and Abroad. To organize diagnostic tests for the competitive exams such as CAT, GRE, GMAT and to counsel them for higher studies To organize coaching classes on CAT, TOEFL, GRE etc. towards higher studies. To conduct Orientation Programmes for freshers. To organize and offer various programmes on Personality Development, Soft Skills and Communication Skills. To organize Pre Placement Training Programmes to enable students to showcase their skills during the Interview. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Quality Policy Quality Policy Roles & Functions of IQAC: Development and application of quality benchmarks/parameters for various academic and administrative activities of the institution. Develop, maintain and regularly update the QMS as the document of all the processes involved in the academic and administrative activities and the forms to implement the processes. All the departments, with the teaching and non-teaching faculty carry out the activities as per the processes and norms. Facilitating the creation of a learner-centric environment conducive to quality education and faculty maturation to adopt the required knowledge and technology for participatory teaching and learning process. Organization of inter and intra-institutional workshops, seminars on quality related themes and promotion of quality circles. Development and maintenance of institutional database through for the purpose of maintaining /enhancing the institutional quality. Development of Quality Culture in the institution. Conduct course coordinators meeting/Analysis of unit tests / internal assessment tests/model Examinations/university examinations. Recommendation of remedial measures to HOD and faculty of the departments concerned to improve the overall performance of the students. Collecting feedback (online and through class committee meetings) from the students on the Teaching effectiveness of the faculty. Suggesting/recommending the measures to improve the teaching effectiveness through FDPs, Workshops, conferences etc. Customer satisfaction by collecting feedbacks from students, parents, alumni and industry and actions are taken to ensure that the college satisfies all its stakeholders. Internal Audit - Regular internal audits are conducted at planned intervals to checks the effectiveness of the implementation, maintenance and improvement of the QMS Monitoring and measurement of processes and products - Continuous measurement and monitoring of the processes are done to identify appropriate corrective action to ensure conformity of service External Audit Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Sports Facilities Arya Sports Facilities With the Objective of developing a Sound Mind with a Sound Physical Health, overall personality of students is dealt with prime priority at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. At AIETM , we emphasize on Sporting and allied activities keeping a pace with Academics. The college encourages students to attain sporting excellence and provides all the necessary facilities and equipment to the students for maintaining physical fitness and good health. The infrastructure has been designed with good facilities for sports as well as recreational activities. The college has top sports facilities including the following: Cricket, Football, Tennis Court, Lawn Tennis, Basket Ball Courts, Badminton Courts, Volleyball Courts, Carom. The Campus comes into the most lively mode when hundreds of Students staying in Hostels are found enjoying the pleasure of these sports as players and audience in Evening. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Computing Facilities Arya Computing Facilities To abide by the state of the-art Infrastructure, Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management has made available highest number of personal computers equipped with the latest soft wares and connected to the latest accessories and services and other gadgets under one roof. The Labs are equipped with latest soft wares which include different Language Compilers, Operating Systems, Visual Studios, and packages for academics and administrative Purposes. Arya has high-end servers with high-speed processor and colored monitors.. All the technological resources at Arya Group of Colleges are upgraded frequently to ensure that students are finely tuned to current trends in the World of technical advancements. In fact, every student gets ample time per week for hands-on computing experience as part of a guided learning session under the supervision of an expert faculty member. In addition to this session, each student is free to pursue computing activities at his or her preferred time, for the duration of his or her choice. Completely Wi-Fi Campus. 45 Mbps of bandwidth for internet with dedicated leased line. Powerful servers for 100% redundancy and efficient data management. 10 Km OFC backbone for providing seamless connectivity. High end firewall security featured network. 24hrs Power Back Up –for Online uninterrupted power supply (UPS & Generator). Central Computing Lab Facility. All Computers on Microsoft Original & Genuine Software under Microsoft Campus Agreement. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Mission-Vision Core Values of Our Institute Honesty and Integrity Freedom of thought and Expression Excellence Accountability and Transparency Encouragement Social Responsibility Honesty & Integrity Keeping this in mind we are primarily focused on promoting the highest standards of trustworthiness and honesty to guarantee that all members of the community recognize the intrinsic advantages of living these beliefs and to ensure that academic execution is assessed dependably and compensated reasonably. In this Institute we totally believe in conduction of all activities in an ethical manner. We are committed to practices that are fair, honest and objective in dealing with students, faculty members, and staff and stake holders at all levels of Institution. Freedom of Thought and Expression The guarantee of fundamental freedom is very important aspects of our democracy and carefully guarded by citizens and court. We in our Institute Totally believe that an access to free expression is vital both to support the development process and as a development goal in its own right. We believe that freedom of thought and expression is necessary, as without this overall development of Individual cannot be completed. Everybody is valued and judged in view of their commitments and execution instead of gender, race, religion, physical capacities, sexual character or financial condition. Commitment extends to all level of our campus to foster a climate of ethical conduct, respect, responsibility and trust. Excellence At our Institute we endeavor to create and seek after higher benchmarks by exhibiting quality in staffing, facilities, programs, and services by promoting continuous improvement, encourage interdepartmental collaboration, encourage creativity, innovation, and risk-taking among students as well as faculty. If we are to be both remaining relevant and attract the highest caliber of students, faculty, and staff, we must ensure that our community is inclusive and open to all viewpoints. A culture of excellence must pervade the Institution in both academic and non-academic areas. Accountability and Transparency We are engaged towards developing an atmosphere where every member takes responsibility for personal and professional growth and development. We continuously assess and enhance our policies, establish and impart characterized and explained objectives and targets, ensure that our work increases the value of the college and society. We believe in having complete transparency at all levels of hierarchy to promote a healthier working atmosphere to all. Encouragement Encouragement is provided for critical and quantitative thinking, effective communication, ethical decision making and social obligation in our students. Motivating our employees is vital to any business and we believe in the value of positive motivation and encouragement. A motivated workforce means a highly productive staff, all of which will help you achieve your organizational goals and vision, and for that we as an Institute work in the direction of a motivated environment for staff and students. Social Responsibility We are focused on promoting the sense of social responsibilities in students by involving them in various social activities. This helps in creating awareness about latest and important social issues in individual and gives them a broader perspective of understanding the causes and possible solutions related to various social issues. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur AICTE Mandatory Disclosure AICTE Mandatory Disclosure: Updated on 26th April,2023 1\. AICTE File No. Date & Extension of Approval Granted Period of Last Approval F.No. North-West/1-10973299457/2022/EOA 2\. DETAILS OF THE INSTITUTION Name of the Institute Arya Institute of Engineering Technology and Management Address of the Institute F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, City & PIN Code Jaipur-302026 State Rajasthan Phone Number With STD Code 1412585500 Office hours at the Institute 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Academic hours at the Institute 9:00 AM to 3:40 PM Email aietmjaipur@rtu.ac.in Website www.aietm.com Nearest Railway Station (Distance in km) 21 km Nearest Bus Stand (Distance in km) 14 km Nearest Airport (Distance in km) 29 km 3.Type of Institution Type of Institution Private-Self Financed Category (1) of the Institute Non Minority Category (2) of the Institute Co-Ed 4.Name of the organization running the Institution Name of the organization running the Institution APAR Charitable trust for higher education and research Type of the organization Trust Registration Number 247/2011 Address of the organization C-25, Bhagat Singh Marg, Tilak Nagar, Jaipur Registered with Devsthan Vibhag Govt. of Rajasthan Registration Date 12/08/2011 Website of the Organization www.aietm.com 5.Name of the Affiliating University Name of the affiliating University Rajasthan Technical University (RTU), Kota Address Akelgarh, Rawatbhata Road, Kota, Rajasthan Website www.rtu.ac.in Latest Affiliation Number (Engg.) RTU/F(17)/Acad./Affiliation (Engg.-167)/ EOAA/2021-22/ 5303-11 (Date-17.12.2021) Latest Affiliation Period 2022-23 6\. Name of Principal / Director Name of Principal/ Director Dr. Tanuj Manglani Exact Designation Principal Phone number with STD code 1412585500 Email principal@aietm.com Highest Degree Ph.D. Field of specialization Electrical Engineering Total Experience 19 7.Governing Board Members S.No. Name Category Designation 1 Dr. Arvind Agarwal Chairman President 2 Dr. Puja Agarwal Executive Member Vice- President 3 Ms. Komal Chauhan Member Social Activist 4 Er. Jasbir Singh Member Industrialist 5 CA Ravindra Shah Member Chartered Accountant 6 Dr. Tanuj Manglani Member Secretary Principal 7 Mr. Ankur Dutt Sharma Member - Faculty Registrar 8 Dr. P.Mishra Member – Faculty HOD- FY 9 Mr. Sanjay Tiwari Member- Faculty HOD- CSE 10 Ms. Geetanjali Ganguly Member – Faculty HOD-CE 11 Ms. Rohini Mahajan Member – Faculty Head T&P; 12 Mr. Subhash Swami Member – Faculty HOD- EE 13 Regional Officer, AICTE Nominee Member AICTE Representative 14 Director – Technical Education Nominee Member State Govt. Representative 15 Authorized Rep. Nominee Member University Representative 16 Mr. Jitendra Prajapat Member Accounts Officer 8.Academic Council Members S.No. Name Category Designation 1 Chairperson Principal Dr. Tanuj Manglani 2 Convenor Registrar Mr. Ankur Dutt Sharma 3 Head of Departments HOD- FY Dr. P. Mishra 4 HOD- ME Mr. Ankur Dutt Sharma 5 HOD- CSE Mr. Sanjay Tiwari 6 HOD- EE Mr. Subhash Swami 7 HOD- CE Ms. Geetanjali Ganguly 8 Faculty Members Assistant Professor Mr. Rakesh Sharma 9 Assistant Professor Mr. Ankit Sharma 10 Assistant Professor Dr. Priya Goyal 11 Training & Placement T&P; Officer Ms. Rohini Mahajan Frequency of Meetings & Date of Last Meeting : Twice in a Year 9.Executive Component Organisation chart and Process 10\. Student Feedback on Institutional Governance/faculty performance Student Feedback on Institutional Governance/faculty performance 11\. Grievance Redressal Mechanism for Faculty, Staff and Students The function of the cell is to look into the complaints lodged by any student, and judge its merit. The Grievance cell is also empowered to look into matters of harassment. Anyone with a genuine grievance may approach the department members in person, or in consultation with the officer in-charge Students’ Grievance Cell. In case the person is unwilling to appear in self, grievances may be dropped in writing at the letterbox/ suggestion box of the Grievance Cell at Administrative Block. Grievances may also be sent through e-mail to the officer in-charge of Students’ Grievance Cell. Objective: The objective of the Grievance Cell is to develop a responsive and accountable attitude among all the stakeholders in order to maintain a harmonious educational atmosphere in the institute. A Grievance Cell should be constituted for the redressal of the problems reported by the Students of the College with the following objectives: #Upholding the dignity of the College by ensuring strife free atmosphere in the College through promoting cordial Student-Student relationship and Student-teacher relationship etc. #Encouraging the Students to express their grievances / problems freely and frankly, without any fear of being victimized. #Suggestion / complaint Box is installed in front of the Administrative Block in which the Students, who want to remain anonymous, put in writing their grievances and their suggestions for improving the Academics / Administration in the College. #Advising Students of the College to respect the right and dignity of one another and show utmost restraint and patience whenever any occasion of rift arises. #Advising All the Students to refrain from inciting Students against other Students, teachers and College administration #Advising all staffs to be affectionate to the Students and not behave in a vindictive manner towards any of them for any reason. #Ragging in any form is strictly prohibited in and outside the institution. Any violation of ragging and disciplinary rules should be urgently brought to the notice of the Principal. Scope: The cell will deal with Grievances received in writing from the students about any of the following matters:- Academic Matters: Related to timely issue of duplicate Mark-sheets, Transfer Certificates, Conduct Certificates or other examination related matters. Financial Matters: Related to dues and payments for various items from library, hostels etc. Other Matters: Related to certain misgivings about conditions of sanitation, preparation of food, availability of transport, victimization by teachers etc. Functions: The cases will be attended promptly on receipt of written grievances from the students. The cell formally will review all cases and will act accordingly as per the Management policy. The cell will give report to the authority about the cases attended to and the number of pending cases, if any, which require direction and guidance from the higher authorities Procedure for Lodging Complaint: The students may feel free to put up a grievance in writing/or in the format available in the examination cell dept. and drop it in boxes. The Grievance Cell will act upon those cases which have been forwarded along with the necessary documents. The Grievance Cell will assure that the grievance has been properly solved in a stipulated time limit provided by the cell. 12.Department wise Details Department of Computer Science & Engineering Department of Computer Science & Engineering (Artificial Intelligence) Department of Electrical Engineering Department of Civil Engineering Department of Mechanical Engineering Department of First Year & Humanities 13.Department wise Teaching Faculty - Detailed - AICTE - Bio-data Form Faculty of Computer Science & Engineering Faculty of Computer Science & Engineering (Artificial Intelligence) Faculty of Electrical Engineering Faculty of Civil Engineering Faculty of Mechanical Engineering Faculty of First Year & Humanities 14.Admission Quota Course Name/ Duration Eligibility Criteria Admission Criteria Tuition Fee(Per Year) One Time Caution Money(Refundable) B. Tech./ 4 Years Passed 10+2 Exam.With minimum 45% Marks in PCM/ PCB REAP/ JEE- Mains Exam. Rs. 85015/- Rs. 7500/- Note: - Fees may be increase as per rules of Govt. Of Rajasthan 15\. Infrastructural Information Class Room Library Auditorium Seminar & Conference Halls Sports Facility Buildings Hostel Medical Facility Accounts Office Registrar & Examination Cell Training & Placement Cafeteria Gymnasium Transport Facility Wi-fi Facility 16\. Academic Sessions Academic Sessions Engineering & Technology Examination System, Year /Semester Semester Pattern @ Two semesters per year Period of declaration of results University declares result within 1 – 2 months after closure of examinations Academic Sessions Master Program Examination System, Year /Semester Semester Pattern @ Two semesters per year Period of declaration of results University declares result within 1 – 2 months after closure of examinations 17.Counselling and Monitoring Counseling and Monitoring Regular Counseling for students by faculty advisors once every week Career Counseling Career Counselling for opportunities at different levels is regularly done by department Placement coordinators. Medical facilities A Medical Room is provided in the Institute with a doctor/ team. In addition to that many hospitals nearby college for which 24 hour Ambulance Service is available. Student Insurance All Students are covered under Insurance Scheme with National Insurance. 18\. Students Activity Body Cultural activities:- Shradhanjali-A Cultural cum Technical Symposium, conducted every Year in month of September to tribute to Co-founder Chairman, Lt. Sh. T. K. Agarwal Ji. Jewels-A Cultural festival conducted every year to welcome New admitted students of Engineering & Management. Victory-Annual Day Celebration in month of April- May which is an expression of solidarity and team spirit. Top Guns-A Farewell party to say Goodbye & Good Luck for future to their Final Year Students. Graduation Day-A day when Students will receive their University Degrees and Meritorious Students will be feliciated. Sports activities Outdoor Games: Football Field, Basket ball Court,Cricket Ground, Badminton Court,Volleyball Courts Indoor Games: Gymnasium,Yoga and Meditation Centre,Carrom,Music Centre,Chess,Table Tennis Club Acivities: Every Year, Each department will conduct their Club activity which includes Cultural and Technical events. Technical Activities/Tech. Fest: Every Year departments conduct FDP, Workshops, Seminars, Conferences etc. Industrial Visits/Tours: Every Year Industrial Visits/Tours are arranged to reputed organization like ISRO, Rawatbhata Atomic Power Plant etc. Alumni Activities: Every Year Alumni meet is arranged at different locations. 19.Name of the Information Officer for RTI Name of the Information Officer for RTI Mr. Rajaendra Sharma Designation Administrative Officer Phone Number 9351353530 Email rajendersharma@gmail.com Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Features of T&P; Cell Features of T&P; Cell To make the students Industry Ready. 60 Plus On campus Placement opportunities. Fully Structured Training programme. Company based Internship Module. Preparations for Competitive exams. Separate cell to promote Start-ups and Entrepreneurship. To act as a bridge between industry and students To explore best placement opportunities and prepare students accordingly The Department facilitates the process of placement of students passing out from the Institute besides collaborating with leading organizations and institutes in setting up of internship and training program of students. The office liaises with various industrial establishments, corporate houses etc which conduct campus interviews and select graduate and post-graduate students from all disciplines. The Training & Placement Office provides the infra-structural facilities to conduct group discussions, tests and interviews besides catering to other logistics. The Office interacts with many industries in the country for holding campus interviews. Every year the Placement Office provides job opportunities to students in more than 60 companies including Top MNCs. The Department makes continuous efforts to identify needs of industries and students are trained accordingly to satisfy these needs to the maximum possible extent. It has been the department's endeavor to develop competent human resources with necessary technical skills and responsible citizens for the society. We take feedback from industries so that high quality is achieved in technical education and professional guidance imparted at this institute. In addition to this, the T&P; Cell provides guidance to students desirous of pursuing higher education in India and Abroad. It regularly conducts technical lectures, career development programs, guest lectures on personality development, resumes writing, group discussions, and interview techniques and provides other inputs to make our students better employable. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur About AIETM Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management (AIETM) has the best possible industry contacts, the finest of faculty and a stimulating learning environment. It is a catalyst for new ideas, concepts, and skills. To attain its objectives, AIETM ensures that its every student emerges as a total professional i.e. as one with a distinct individuality to lead and galvanize the process of change and transformation in the 21st century. It intends to help students discover their various facets and attain their true potential.. All in all, AIETM ensures that its students are equipped with the resources to realize their dreams the moment they step out from the Institute. In addition to accelerating the pace of meeting its primary obligation to fostering the academic, intellectual, and scholastic standards, the College has been making genuine and ample efforts for enhancing the employability skills of the Students. AIETM, finest Engineering college in Jaipur , emphasize on fostering growth in Research design and Development (R&D;). It encourages faculties to develop Coordination in academic and research activities of common interest. AIETM acts as a stimulus for generation and exchange of ideas among students, teachers, research organizations and the state Government, so as to promote entrepreneurial culture among students. The Institute take steps for facilitating appropriate environment in the institution of education to achieve harmonious relationship among teachers, students and staff. Through continuous innovation of methods of learning , teaching & research , AIETM focuses on providing consultancy in areas of speacialization and expertise to foster Engineering in Jaipur. Strong research orientation and culture based foundation Sustainable progress and conscientious learning Spirit of Academic Orientation and integrity Extensive understanding and acquaintance of the human sciences An unfettered strength of exploration, rationality and enterprise Responsibility towards society and humanity Commitment to excellence in all spheres of life Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Entrepreneurship Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell The Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) has been set up to promote entrepreneurship spirit amongst the students. The Entrepreneurship Development Centre (EDC) is being promoted in Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management to develop institutional system to create entrepreneurial culture and to foster techno-entrepreneurship for generation of wealth and employment. AIETM has designed this cell to help the young talent nurture the Entrepreneurial skills thereby leveraging their growth in a professional environment. AIETM envisions to foster growth in Research , design & development and focuses on organizing activities very regularly to enable the students to win accolades in various competitions. EDC provides mentoring opportunity by its network of acquaintance allies. Students seek benefit by the experience of these initiatives. The association includes professionals, entrepreneurs, investors, and Industry experts. EDC acts as an institutional mechanism for providing various services including information on all aspects of enterprise edifice to budding entrepreneurs. To inculcate a culture of innovation driven entrepreneurship through student projects. To promote employment opportunities in the pioneering areas. To respond effectively to the emerging challenges and opportunities both at national and international level. To guide and assist future entrepreneurs on various aspects such as preparing project reports, obtaining project approvals, loans and facilities from agencies of support system, information on technologies, etc. To arrange interaction with entrepreneurs and create a mentorship scheme for student entrepreneurs. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Festival Celebrations Festival Celebrations Arya College of Engineering & Research Centre takes pride in organizing maximum events under one roof. From Co curricular activities, extra curricular activities, cultural Program celebrations to National Festival Celebrations all are celebrated and enjoyed with complete pomp and show at Arya College of Engineering & Research Centre. Republic Day Celebration Lohri Celebration Basant Panchmi Celebration Independence Day Celebration Foundation Day Diwali Celebration Maa Bhagwati Jaagran New Year Celebration, etc. Birthday Parties form a special category and are eagerly awaited each month… Arya Rocks ! Its filled with Fun , Learning , Recreation & Real Academics. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Principal's Message Principal's Message Today AIETM stands as an institute of prominence in imparting higher technical education. It has also been adjudged as‘A’ grade ranking Engineering College in Rajasthan. The evolution of the Institute over past thirteen years has witnessed strong blend of state-of-the-art infrastructure and intricately intertwined human resource committed to provide professional education with thrust on creativity and innovation. The motivating environment in AIETM for knowledge assimilation, generation and dissemination with a sense of social commitment has carved a niche for itself among the best technical institutes. The magnificent infrastructure of AIETM, smart Class Rooms and advanced Labs, have created right ambience for an excellent teaching learning environment combined with the use of the latest technology tools. These technological paraphernalia havebeen immensely successful in facilitating a highly effective teaching learning process. At AIETM, we provide ample scope for co-curricular and extracurricular activities as well, wherein the students are encouraged to nurture and exhibit their talents. We ensure that the students prove themselves to be not only wellqualified engineers but also very responsible and ideal citizens of our country. At AIETM, we take full cognizance of the need to teach beyond the curriculum and constantly strive in gearing up students to face challengesof this fast-paced world. Today, there is dire need of individuals who are as much committed as they are qualified- committed to the assume positions at the helm and accelerate the development exponentially. In order to customize students to be ‘industry ready‘, the institute has introduced career training courses that enable students possess suitable skills required to be hired and absorbed by varied industries. In the process, the institute has established strong Industry links with reputed and recognized companies like TCS,Infosys, Cognizant Wipro, Amazon, Tech Mahendra etc.,to generate numerous campus placement opportunities to the students. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Our Philosophy Our Philosophy Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management features an ideal blend of four basic pillars of contemporary education system viz. infrastructure, faculty, management & academic. Uncompromising discipline, punctuality & regularity. Innovative pedagogy that aims at developing drive to create, lead & excel. Academic integrity and accountability. Respect and tolerance for the views of every individual. Attention to issues of national relevance as well as of global concern. Holistic understanding, including knowledge of the human sciences. Appreciation of intellectual excellence and creativity. An unfettered spirit of learning exploration, rationality and enterprise. Sensitivity to social responsibilities. To inculcate Entrepreneurship Skills and Abilities. Innovation that aims at developing the drive to create, lead & excel. Unflinching academic support to the students. Designed to be fully participative. The environment is both challenging & exciting. Rigorous academic curriculum, practical orientation, constant industry interaction, participative seminars & workshops give Arya a pragmatic edge. The teaching learning process is framed in a global perspective & is facilitated by the knowledgeable, experienced & highly qualified faculty. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Hostels Arya Hostels Hundreds of students from all across the state live in hostel premises, which come closest to being 'a home away from home'. The separate facilities for boys and girls, caring wardens and a tight security ensure a pleasant stay allowing the students to focus on academics. Whilst internet access and best lab facilities ensure close contact with family and friends outside, the fully equipped common rooms allow for that relaxed time with friends on Campus. The College has a elegantly constructed Hostels in the campus having two , three and four seaters. Hygienically prepared nutritious food, recreation room equipped with T.V., facility of indoor games and internet, exemplary discipline with desired freedom make the hostel a home away from home. We appreciate parents' anxiety regarding a safe and secure environment for their wards. The wardens in both the hostels act as guardians for the hostellers. Ragging is given a big 'No' both at our campus and in our hostels. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Message from Presidents Desk Message from Presidents Desk Dr. Arvind Agarwal, MBBS , MD (USA), is a Medico Engineer with a finest vision and fortitude. He has a rich experience of 21 years wherein he has served as a Resident Doctor at leading premier Medical Institutes like AIIMS & Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital, New Delhi. Thereon he moved on to USA and served at North Shore Medical Centre,Boston. Henceforth in order to stimulate Best of Technical Education in Rajasthan he shifted to India and started the splendid and outstanding realm of Arya Group of Colleges, Jaipur. He has been an avid sports-person in his student life and was also The Secretary of Student Association at Bankura Medical College. He is been a tremendous motivator, who has inculcated the spirit of Entrepreneurship in his students and has always guided them to be "Job Creators instead of Job Seekers". In recognition for his contribution towards the Education Sector he has been felicitated with several Awards and Recognitions. IN HIS WORDS.... Success today is mapped with Placements. We at Arya Group of Colleges are there to provide the best median to carve the success stories of the Engineering youth. I have been predominantly focusing on bridging the Industry Academia Gap and our sustained & continuous efforts are bringing us closer to our goal each day. I further believe that to impart quality education, it’s necessary to have a developed approach, firm determination and dedicated efforts. And what is important here to know is that a blend of all these factors has cohesively marked success and growth of Arya Group of Colleges. India has enters in to the phase of rapid growth & development & will establish itself as a global super power to provide best of Innovation, Technology breakthrough & IT revolution. I hope after achieving B.Tech / M.Tech / MBA /B .Pharma /M .Pharma education, you will compete with the best of talent to become best in your respective field. Student success is paramount and we leave no stone unturned to create a different and higher definition of success for Aryans. In Nut Shell, a Combination of Sound Vision, Best Resources and Infrastructure, Dedicated Team and endless efforts have distinguished and benchmarked Arya Group of Colleges, so as to ensure that you get Best of Placement and Academic Excellence and your journey with us is fantastic, fruitful and fabulous. Be assure the best of future is awaiting you, once you pass out of this campus and all you have to do is to stay motivated and dedicated to your career and success. Rest we will assure for you. May God Bless You! Jai Hind !!! Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Other Facilities Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Other Facilities Amenities at AIETM provide far more than academic and administrative facilities on campus. It is dedicated to provide students with an exceptional infrastructure for learning as well as facilities for simplifying the procurement of fundamental skills. To accomplish the goal, AIETM offers the following : Green Campus The college has an impressive and pollution-free campus with panoramic green surroundings, elegant landscaping and beautiful flowerbeds. Water & Electricity The college has complete arrangements to deliver uninterrupted water and electricity supply for the students, round the clock. Sufficient water coolers with filtered water are available throughout the campus to provide clean drinking water to the students. In case of power failures, high power generators are also available. Constant monitoring is carried out to ensure that cleanliness is given utmost importance. Health Health is wealth. Keeping this in mind regular health checkup Camps are organized in the campus to examine the health of students and staff members. Acquisition of health related knowledge, attitudes, skills and practices empower students to pursue a healthy life. The energetic students take full advantage of every opportunity to learn and thus achieve higher - academic excellence & tend to maximize social relationships and interactions, thus improving their chances of balanced progress. Medical Each hostel is provided with necessary first aid facilities. The college provides free first aid to the students in college campus during working hours. Qualified physicians are available in the close proximity of the college & hostels for consultancy. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Contact us Visit to Arya College Contact us Submit Arya College Campus Address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 EMAIl admission@aryacollege.org PHONE 0141-5140402 For Admission FOR ADMISSIONS CONTACT : Dr. Surendra Sharma - 093511-57438 Er. Rajesh Jaiswal – 090019-92256 Dr. Pramod Sharma – 090019-92254 Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur ARYA OPD ARYA OPD Arya College of Engineering & Research Centre provides health care facilities to all staff & Students. A health care centre including the medical staff has been arranged for routine checkups and minor ailments for both students and faculty. Health care facilities are available round the clock at AIET OPD centre. Healthcare centre conducts regular medical check - ups. It also organizes awareness meetings on particular health problems for the benefit of both faculty & Students. Institute also has ambulance and outdoor facility for faculty and students 24 hrs. The College has a medical room with First Aid facilities and general medicines. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Student Grievances Form Student Grievances Arya Institute of Engg. Tech. & Mgmt. Student Grievances Form Download Form Name of Student Email Mobile No. Branch Select Branch Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year Description Semester Submit Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Our Recuriters Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Rules & Regulations Rules & Regulations Attendance : A student should have secured minimum 75% attendance in the classes as prescribed by University, failing which he/ she shall not be allowed to appear in the University Examination. The students have to be punctual and should reach at least 5 minutes prior to the lecture timings in the lecture rooms. Appearing in all the mid term examinations is mandatory. Identity Card : No student will be allowed to enter the college without his/her Identity card. Students are required to wear their Identity card in the college campus. Hostel/Tuition and Bus fee : All the fees including Hostel fee, Tuition fee and Bus fee is to be deposited at the beginning of the session in due time. Delay or irregularity in fee submission may lead to heavy fine. Discipline : The college maintains high standard of discipline. Following are deemed to be some of the acts of indiscipline. Non-compliance of order, notices and college/hostel rules. Non-compliance of instructions of the staff member. Use of unfair means & Mobile in the examinations and in the Lecture rooms. Misuse and damage of college property. Non-participation in college activities. Provoking students to take part in strikes, morchas etc. Student involved in any act of indiscipline is liable to strict disciplinary action as per the recommendation of discipline committee. Warning : As per the supreme court directive, Ragging is a criminal offence and punishable under IPC. It is mandatory for the college to register FIR for any form of Ragging. Seeking No Ragging Certificate from college is must prior to leaving the college. Awards & Scholarships : The college management has introduced Awards & Scholarship schemes to motivate students to excel in their academic pursuits. Deserving students from economically backward families are helped with scholarship as per norms. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Admission Branch Eligibility Fee Seat Matrix Reap Criteria and Weightage for B.Tech admission The minimum academic qualification for admission to B.Tech./B.E. program in Rajasthan is a pass with at least 45% marks (40% marks in case of candidates belonging to "SC/ST/Non creamy layer OBC/ Non creamy layer SBC" of Rajasthan State) in the subjects combination as given below taken together, in the final examination of 10+2 (Class XII) of Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan or any other examination recognized equivalent thereto by Board of Secondary Education, Rajasthan/Central Board of secondary Education (CBSE). B. Subject combination required in the qualifying examination for admission to B.Tech./B.E. courses shall be as under: Course Compulsory: Physics & Mathematics 1\. Chemistry 2\. Bio-technology 3\. Computer Science 4\. Biology Only those candidates shall be eligible who have passed in each subject of above combination and fulfils the minimum academic qualification as mentioned above Criteria and Weightage for M.Tech admission The candidate must possess B.Tech degree or equivalent from any recognized University with at least 50% marks in aggregate (45% in case of SC/ST and OBC candidates), without any approximation in the Graduate Examination. AIET, AIETM and AECRC all are RTU affiliated collegesand AICTE approved colleges in the list of top 10 engineering colleges of Jaipur in a recent survey conducted by government authorities of educational institution. Download Application Form Option Form Documents Required FEE STRUCTURE Course Branch Tution Fee (T/F) Rs. Development Fee (D/F) Rs. NAAC Accreditation Fee* 15% of T/F Rs. Final Fee per Year Rs. B.Tech CSE EECEME 73926 11089 85015 HOSTEL FEE Rs.89,000 P.A + 7500 For 2 Seaters* * As per State Level Fee Committee order no. TE/FC/2020-21/3626 dated 19.02.2021 Fee is Applicable for colleges having NAAC Acctiditation. # At time of Admission in 1st Year of Each course (B. Tech/ M. Tech/ MBA), One Time Refundable Amount of Rs. 7500/-(Caution Money) will be applicable. U.G. Courses B. Tech. (1st Shift) S.No. Branch Seats 2\. Computer Science & Engg. 60 3\. Civil Engineering 90 4\. Electrical Engineering. 60 5\. Mechanical Engineering 90 Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Department of Electrical Engineering OVERVIEW INDUSTRIAL LABS Electrical Engineering comprises the most challenging areas of Engineering and is recognized as the key discipline in technological era. Electrical engineers have been driving the fruition of technology by being able to apply the fundamental concepts effectively and efficiently. Department of Electrical Engineering is fully devoted to prepare the students with strong technical and professional skills with emphasis on innovative designs development & commitment to constantly upgrade to drive the revolution. The department comprises of best of Faculty from Industry and Academia to help bridge the gap and groom the best talent for the Industry. The department of Electrical Engineering is well equipped with a gamut of specialized equipments in laboratories to provide good knowledge of the subjects by performing the experiments. Rigorous workshops trainings form the part of the curriculum. Arya group of college being the best engineering in college in Jaipur, Rajasthan provides the huge research platform to its student for their better growth and development. Salient Features: The department has made rapid strides during the last decade in all spheres of education and research. The department is very well equipped with labs and computational facilities and resources both in terms of hardware and software. Objective of the undergraduate programme is to prepare the manpower that is globally best. Most of the students, who graduate from the department, end up taking leading positions in industry, academia and government in both India and abroad. EE department has always been known for creating an ambience where scholarship flourishes. Faculty members of our department are not only engaged in cutting edge technology research but are also very passionate about teaching. We pride on having persons with exceptional academic background as our faculty colleagues. Frequent visit to the field related industries is done for the betterment in practical knowledge of students. The department also hosts national/internayional workshops and guest lectures form eminent personalities as the part of development. Our department has an ambitious plan of further improving both quality and quantity of research that can make a difference as well as have an impact at global level. We also publishes newsletters for departments activities and our students are working on some of the great projects to serve with the best of technology. "Department of Electrical Engineering is fully devoted to prepare the students with strong technical and professional skills with emphasis on innovative designs development & commitment to constantly upgrade to drive the revolution." INDUSTRIAL INDUSTRIAL COLLABORATION: Sunwaves Infrapower IBM HCL CADD CENTRE INFOSYS FOSS L&T; INFOTECH UNISYS WAE RTU SYLLABUS: As per the Rajasthan Technical University norms we offer a Four Year (Eight Semesters) B.Tech Course. Android application: PROJECTS: The department has successfully completed projects on: Solar Street Light. Solar Power Plant (1.5 kW) Wind Power Plant (1 kW) Solar Hybrid Car Prepaid energy Meter Solar Grass Cutter Students of this department have been able to secure campus placements in many reputed companies at lucrative packages. A few are following: TCS CAPEGEMINI INFOSYS IBM COGNIZANT ZYCUS ACCENTURE HCL AMAZON TECH MAHINDRA INDUSTRIAL TOURS & TRAININGS: Internships and trainings in VI semesters are mandatory of 60 days. Solar Roof top plant Heerapura Substation. "Rajasthan Electrical and Electronics Ltd." IMPRESSIVE RESULTS: Faculties take extra care of the students in the knowledge delivery process throughout the course period. These dedicated and concentrated efforts have culminated in obtaining 100 % results in the final year. During the last three years, this department of has successfully achieved 100% results. CONFERENCE/SEMINAR AND WORKSHOPS: Arya Group has been a host and venue for various national and international conferences/ seminars and workshops including the following International conference (ARIET-14) 2015-IEEE CIS SUMMER SCHOOL (RACITA-2015) NATIONAL CONFERENCE (AREST-2013) WORKSHOP (AWARD -2016) Departmental Labs Electrical & Electronics Engg. Lab Electrical Machine Lab - I Electrical Machine Lab - II Electrical Measurement Lab Power Electronics Lab Control System Lab Power System Lab Modeling & Simulation Lab PLC Lab Project & R & D Lab 1.1 KV GSS Lab Electric Drive & Control Lab High Voltage Engineering Lab High Voltage Lab Power Electronics Lab Advance Power Electronics lab Basic Electrical Lab Microprocessor Lab Electronics devices and Circuit Lab MAT Lab for Control Systems and PLC Circuits Electrical Drives and their Control Lab Digital Electronics Lab Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur WiFi Campus Arya WiFi Campus The entire campus is Wi-Fi enabled with a high speed internet connection to allow the students to access the internet no-matter wherever they are. The coverage of Wi-Fi is not only restricted to class rooms but also extends to all the areas including library, Auditorium, cafeteria, and hostels. All the websites browsed by him/her are regularly monitored. The need and importance of Internet in the field of education is supported by round the clock high speed Internet connectivity of 100Mbps and we have three leased line and has strong backbone of dedicated OFC link throughout the campus which helps the students surf the Web at their convenience. Thus, they can enhance their knowledge as well as extract unlimited Information. In addition to this, the students are also being provided Wireless connectivity (Wi-Fi) enabling the students access online information anywhere in and around the campus using their Laptops. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Department of Civil Engineering OVERVIEW INDUSTRIAL LABS ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT: Civil Engineering is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design, construction, and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment, including works like roads, bridges, canals, dams, and buildings. Civil engineering is the oldest engineering discipline & it takes place on all levels: in the public sector from municipal to national governments, and in the private sector from individual homeowners to international companies. Civil Engineering is concerned with the overall interface of human created fixed projects with the greater world. Civil Engineers are most aspired by leading manufacturing groups for Turnkey Projects, thus establishing great career opportunities for Civil Engineers in India & abroad. Arya group of college being the best engineering in college in Jaipur, Rajasthan provides the huge research platform to its student for their better growth and development VISION AND MISSION: Vision: To develop a department of academic excellence by producing competent civil engineers to meet the challenges in field and provide satisfaction to the stakeholders. Mission: To provide sound knowledge in the area of civil engineering through effective pedagogy. To serve the society and the nation by providing competent civil engineers, keen to apply knowledge and accept new challenges in rapidly changing technology to the satisfaction of stakeholders. To create an environment that supports competent professionals to design and develop civil engineering systems and contribute towards research and development activities. To provide ample opportunities to the staff for up-keeping their knowledge and skills in civil engineering and related areas. MESSAGE BY HOD: Department of Civil Engineering always strives to provide necessary support system to enable its students to become great scholars, scientists, engineers, leaders, and, above all, complete persons. We would like our teachers to be role models as truth-seekers and torchbearers leading our students to learn not only what is known but also explore the hidden treasures and discover and disseminate knowledge that would enrich the humankind. DEPARTMENTAL GOALS To establish centers of excellence in various fields of Civil Engineering. To encourage faculty members to take-up R&D; and consultancy projects in the area of Civil Engineering. To train faculty members in the advanced Civil Engineering and Technology. To prepare students for successful careers and lifelong learning in Civil engineering with strong professional ethics and behaviour. To ensure effective teaching and learning process and quality research. To encourage innovations, product design and new technologies. INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION TRAINING PARTNER: Bosch Google PROJECTS: The students of Civil Engineering Department have been excellent work in successfully building projects; a few are as follow: Use of Fly Ash bricks Construction of Open air theater Rain Water Harvesting System at Lobby Underground water tank construction Truss on open air theater TOP RECRUITERS: L&T; PINNACLE ULTRA TECH CEMENT VANSH CONSTRUCTION CONSULTADD CAPEGEMINI TCS INFOSYS IBM COGNIZANT ZYCUS ACCENTURE HCL AMAZON TECH MAHINDRA WIPRO INDUSTRIAL TOURS & TRAININGS: Internships and trainings are mandatory in VI semesters of 60 days. Visit on RMC plant of LAFARZ cement Survey Camp at Chandwaji Hills Students have participated in various workshops& technical events held throughout the country including Winner in Bridge competition at IIT Bombay Winner in Bridge competition at IIT Bhuvneshwar Participated in Bridge competition at IIT BHU Participated in Mix Design Concrete Workshop at Wonder Cement Our students started start up “Urban Brick Wall” The department has following well- equipped laboratories that offer more that the prescribed practical needs as per RTU Curriculum: Departmental Labs UTM Lab Civil Engineering Material & Geology Lab Building Planning & Design Fluid Mechanics Lab Material Testing Lab Concrete Lab Hydraulic Lab Surveying Lab Building Planning & Design Design of Concrete Structures Design of Steel Structures Structural Engineering Lab Matrix Methods of Structural Analysis Environmental Engg. Design & Lab Road Materials Testing Lab Geotechnical Engineering Design & Lab Water Resources Engineering Design Computer Aided Building Design Practical Training and Industrial Visit Professional Practice and Estimating Design of Foundations PEO PO PSO Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Feedback Section Feedback Section STUDENT FEEDBACK PARENTS FEEDBACK ALUMNI FEEDBACK TEACHERS FEEDBACK EMPLOYEE FEEDBACK Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Message from Director's Desk Message from Director's Desk Dr. Puja Agarwal is an eminent scholar and a highly qualified academician. She herself has been a meticulous student in her entire education life. She is a double graduate in Commerce & Law from Punjab University followed by which she pursued her Master's in Business Administration (MBA). She holds a PhD from USA in HR Management. She has been awarded a gold medal from Mr. Krishna Kant, the then Hon'ble Vice President of India, for her excellence in academics during her graduation in Law from Punjab University. She has also been conferred with several other recognitions from eminent personalities of high repute, one of them being former Prime Minister and the then Finance Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh. She has also attended an exchange program with Stockholm University, Sweden and School of Oriental and Asian Studies, London sponsored by Ministry of External Affairs, wherein she represented India as a Law Student & shared ideas on International Laws. She started her Professional journey as a faculty in the institution and has successfully climbed the career ladder, becoming the Director of Arya Group of Colleges. She is an guiding light of the institution. And is being restructuring skills and career guidance of students with her expertise. She is always a major part of social activities, working with a never ending zeal to rejuvenate the society. She has a deep concern for promoting education to the maximum possible ways and leaves no stone unturned in creating a wholesome environment. She has been felicitated with "Nari Shakti Award" by Mrs. Kiran Maheshwari, Minister, HRD, govt. of Rajasthan for her contribution in the field of women education and women empowerment. Her efforts continue to mark the way for a better society driven by skilled, responsible and noble professionals. In her words... "ARYA is committed to continuously enhance capabilities and potential of budding engineers with the sole objective of transforming them into leaders of tomorrow in their chosen interest. I am confident that with the combined efforts of the Management, Faculty, Staff, our students shall grow with an optimum blend of excellence in academics, in person and in human values". Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Victory (The Annual Function) Victory (The Annual Function) VICTORY, as the name suggests is an occasion organized in Arya College, with the purpose of recognizing and felicitating its achievers be it in academics, extra-curricular and the all-rounder's. The annual report is read by the principal on this occasion to highlight the achievements and the progress of the college in the previous year. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Faculty Development Programs Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Mission-Vision Mission-Vision Vision Continuing education and lifelong learning for faculty, staff and working professionals. Fostering Growth in Research, design and development. Providing Consultancy relevant to areas of specialization and expertise. Continuous innovation of methods of learning , teaching and research. Enabling access to the best intellectual resources. Promote Institute-Industry-Government interface. Mission Serve as a centre for generation and exchange of ideas among students, teachers, research organizations and the state Government, so as to promote entrepreneurial culture among students and to assist them through expertise available in other institutions. Help to mobilize resources through Alumni, users, Social Workers, Philanthropists and other organizations (both from within and outside India) to promote research and development of sophisticated laboratories, Scholarships, Fellowships, Prizes, Medals, organise special lectures, seminars, conferences, workshops, etc. Devise schemes and methods for effective periodic evaluation of performance of projects, faculties, staff and students, internal evaluation through Academic and Administrative Audit Committees. Take steps for facilitating appropriate environment in the institution of education to achieve harmonious relationship among teachers, students and staff. Encourage faculties to develop Coordination in academic and research activities of common interest. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Top Guns(Farewell) Top Guns(Farewell) Every beginning has an end. And every end is a new beginning .It is a relentless cycle and in Arya College, we follow this cycle with full dedication, enthusiasm and pomp and show. The occasion of farewell is celebrated on a grand scale to mark the love of the juniors towards their seniors and as a mark of respect for the contribution by the final year batch in the college. The celebration is in the form of a formal cultural event which is organized to bid adieu to the well trained Aryans who are now ready to step out into the big professional world where a bright future awaits them. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Bank Loan Assistance All Courses at AIETM are Affiliated to Rajasthan Technical University, Kota and are approved by AICTE. This milestone helps students to seek easy Bank Loans from Prestigious Nationalized and Private Sector Banks. The Admission Department assists in issuing Bank Loan Letters and assists in allied procedures. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Department of Mechanical Engineering OVERVIEW INDUSTRIAL LABS In the modern world, Mechanical Engineering is central to many activities leading to industrial and business growth. Mechanical Engineering is concerned with all types of machinery in industries and all aspects of their mechanism and functioning from design, development, construction, production, installation, and operation to maintenance. A mechanical engineering course provides the core knowledge for the range of careers in these areas. Mechanical Engineers are the driving force behind many of our technologies and industrial processes. Arya group of college being the best engineering in college in Jaipur, Rajasthan provides the huge research platform to its student for their better growth and development. Arya group of college being the best engineering in college in Jaipur, Rajasthan provides the huge research platform to its student for their better growth and development. Salient Features: Objective is to emerge as a globally recognized department in imparting quality education to produce successful Engineers. We aim to generate skilled human resources for sustainable development of the energy and allied sectors. The department is very well equipped labs with computational facilities and resources both in terms of hardware and software. Mechanical Engineering Department is one of the oldest departments of the institute. It is also one of the biggest departments of the institute with student strength of about 900 students. While managing this increased strength which is an urgent need of the nation, department is committed to well being and all round development of its students. Not only in academics, our students have also set milestones in various other fields like literature, cultural, sports etc. Frequent visit to the field related industries is done for the betterment in practical knowledge of students. The department also hosts National/International workshops and guest lectures form eminent personalities as the part of development. INDUSTRIAL COLLABORATION: Industrial collaboration and training is an activity in academy by which students get benefitted and their knowledge gets update. They understand about the various changes in technology which industry are following. For this we have collaborated with CAD Centre, Jaipur to train our students in the most important softwares like Autocad, Solid works, Pro-E and Ansys for improving the designing skills of the students. RTU SYLLABUS: As per the Rajasthan Technical University norms we offer a Four Year (Eight Semesters) B.Tech Course. PROJECTS The students of the department have successfully completed large number of projects including the following, under the guidance of qualified faculties: EFFI-CYCLE, LPG Refrigerator, CNC drilling wood cutter Machine, GO-KART, Ultra light Aircraft, Borewell rescue machine, Pipe bending machine, Di-Wheel, Manual Seed Driller, Radiant cooling system, Hydraulic stacker, Manual stacker The students of the department have been able to secure campus placements in many reputed companies including : PINACLE LNG Bhilwara Group Arabol Lubricants Trivani Turbines Shree Cement Shree shyam Engineering Manu Yantrayala Cad centre GVK Rama Aircon Sunwave Infrapower TECH MAHINDRA COGNIZANT CAPEGEMINI ZYCUS ACCENTURE HCL AMAZON IBM TCS INDUSTRIAL COLLABORATION AND TRAINING Industrial collaboration and training is an activity in academy by which students get benefitted and their knowledge gets update. They understand about the various changes in technology which industry are following. For this we have collaborated with CAD Centre, Jaipur to train our students in the most important softwares like Autocad, Solid works, Pro-E and Ansys for improving the designing skills of the students. We have collaborated with Imperial Society of Innovative engineers (ISIE) and various other organizations for the development of the students. DEPARTMENT CLUB AND EVENTS ACME (Arya Club of Mechanical Engineer),is a club formed by the faculty members and students of mechanical department. Under this club there are various events and workshop had performed like ESVC. OUTSTANDING RESULTS Faculties take extra care of the students and in the knowledge delivery process throughout the course period. These dedicated and concentrated efforts have culminated in obtaining 100% results in the final year. Our students have held position in the RTU merit list during the last three years. DIGITAL NOTES To keep the student study material ready according to university syllabus we provide them quality notes which are prepared with lots of hard work by our dedicated faculty members these notes are available at our website with the respective link. This study material helps the student to save time and guidance of two to three reference books. Departmental Labs Material science and testing lab Computer graphic lab Machine Drawing lab Production lab -I & II KDM lab(kinematics and dynamics of machine) Fluid mechanics lab Thermal engineering lab-I & II Heat transfer lab Dynamics of machine lab Mechatronics lab Vibration engineering Lab CAD (FEM) lab CAM (CNC) lab Basic mechanical engineering lab TURBO LAB Project Lab Workshop MECHANICAL WORKSHOP LAB MATERIAL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LAB BASIC MECHANICAL ENGINEERING LAB THERMAL ENGINEERING LAB PRODUCTION PRACTICES LAB TURBOMACHINE LAB HEAT TRANSFER LAB DYNAMICS OF MACHINE LAB KINEMATICS OF MACHINE VIBRATION LAB FLUID MECHANICS LAB COMPUTER AIDED DESIGN(CAD) LAB Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Gymnasium Facilities Arya Gymnasium Facilities Arya College of Engineering and Research Centre Provides the Gym Facility for all Students. “A Healthy mind resides in a Healthy Body “, complying with the saying, a professionally managed environment is created for the students. Both Physical and Mental Health play an important role for the well being of an Individual. In tune with the objective of all round development of the students, the campus is equipped with an in-house gymnasium. It contains world lass equipments like treadmills and strength machines for exercise and work out. In short, the gym provides an ideal atmosphere for the students to provide overall & sound development. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur National Conferences National Conferences Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


File not found.


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management (AIETM) has the best possible industry contacts, the finest of faculty and a stimulating learning environment. It is a catalyst for new ideas, concepts, and skills. To attain its objectives, AIETM ensures that its every student emerges as a total professional i.e. as one with a distinct individuality to lead and galvanize the process of change and transformation in the 21st century. It intends to help students discover their various facets and attain their true potential.. All in all, AIETM ensures that its students are equipped with the resources to realize their dreams the moment they step out from the Institute. In addition to accelerating the pace of meeting its primary obligation to fostering the academic, intellectual, and scholastic standards, the College has been making genuine and ample efforts for enhancing the employability skills of the Students. Courses Offered Civil Engineering B.Tech.Seats-90 Computer Science Engineering B.Tech.Seats-60 Electrical Engineering B.Tech.Seats-60 Mechanical Engineering B.Tech.Seats-90 7 YEARS OF SUCCESS 10000 ALUMNI 250 CAMPUS DRIVES 600 COMPUTERS Life @ Arya Placement @ Arya Placement 2021 Placement 2020 What Students Say ? "ARYA INSTITUTE is one of the best Institutes, where we not only gain knowledge but also get good opportunity for practical projects, and thus would rate it as the best place for the student to become not only a good business leaders but also good human beings." Kshitiz Raj 2011-15 Batch Technical Consultant, Fujitsu Consulting India "Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management provided me the "Best faculty courseware, Placement and infrastructure and helped me creating an identity for myself in the industry" Vijaya Kumari 2012-16 Batch Subject Matter Expert, Acadecraft Private Limited "ARYA INSTITUTE is one of the best Institutes, where we not only gain knowledge but also get good opportunity for practical projects, and thus would rate it as the best place for the student to become not only a good business leaders but also good human beings." Abhinav Choudhary 2010-14 Batch EDI Analyst, A3 Logics "I can't explain this Institute in two lines it was pleasing experience to be a part of this Institute where I was able to nurture my dream and turn in to reality. Thank you ARYA INSTITUTE." Himanshi Ameta 2010-14 Batch Marketing Lead, ICICI Bank Our Top Recruiters × Placement Details-2020 Close × Placement Details-2021 Close Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Ensuring Employability Ensuring Employability Placements provide an "OPPORTUNITY" to students to demonstrate their knowledge acquired over years for applicability in the real world. It's spell is keenly awaited, and if topical statistics are to go by, we urge to say that it is eagerly awaited by both sides; students as well as the corporate. Pre - Placement Talk Corporate guests are invited to the campus to conduct pre-placement talks. Arya Institute Of Engineering Technology & Management initiates various opportunities for students which enable the students to give an idea about the recruiting organizations and opportunities available within these. It also gives students the chance to interact with employees of the company and learn more about the work culture which ensures best Placements for the students. Seminars & Guest Lectures To maintain regular interactions with the Industry and to keep the hands full on experience with the Industrial updates, a regular mechanism of organizing Seminars , Workshops , Webinars and Guest Lectures is maintained. This help the students to acquire the right set of skills and acquaintances much before they really step in the Industry as a robust work force. On Line Assessment Tests Continuous Assessments on a professional platform are undertaken to provide high value for recruitment, promotion and analysis purposes. Modules range from Aptitude, Skill/Knowledge and Personality Testing and work on large statistically rated question bank powered by our robust Adaptive Testing engine. Corporate Recruitment Training Corporate training is a special form of guidance and education which is aimed at improving the skills of students and to increase their performance by putting focus on professional development. Corporate Recruitment Training Program enhances the Employability Skills of a Fresher through systematic and structured approach with appropriate Mentorship at every step of learning. It focuses on and enhances mainly the five key employability skills: 1\. Aptitude 2\. Communication 3.Personality 4\. Interview 5\. Resume Preparation Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Campus Tour Arya Campus Tour Amenities at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management (AIETM) provide far more than academic and administrative facilities on campus. It is dedicated to provide students with an exceptional infrastructure for learning as well as facilities for simplifying the procurement of fundamental skills. To accomplish the goal, AIETM offers the following : Green Campus The Institute has an impressive and pollution-free campus with panoramic green surroundings, elegant landscaping and beautiful flowerbeds. Transport The institute runs its own fleet of buses and Cabs for the convenience of the students and the staff members to help them commute from Jaipur and surrounding areas. The students intending to avail the transport facility need to inform the transport officer at the time of admission. Sports Activities Spending quality time is never a problem in the Institute. Sports facilities are provided for Lawn tennis, Table tennis, Carom, Billiards Table, Cricket, Football, Badminton, Basketball, and Volleyball. Evenings find students enjoying the pleasure of these sports as players and audience. Mess The institute has its huge mess , which serves healthy and nutritious cuisines to its students. Canteen The institute has its own canteen, which serves healthy and nutritious food to its students at subsidized rates. The menu varies from spicy samosas, wafers to full-meals. The students also have a wide range of chocolates and soft drinks to choose from. Water & Electricity The institute has complete arrangements to deliver uninterrupted water and electricity supply for the students, round the clock. Sufficient water coolers with filtered water are available throughout the campus to provide clean drinking water to the students. In case of power failures, high power generators are also available. Constant monitoring is carried out to ensure that cleanliness is given utmost importance. Health Health is wealth. Keeping this in mind regular health checkup Camps are organized in the campus to examine the health of students and staff members. Acquisition of health related knowledge, attitudes, skills and practices empower students to pursue a healthy life. The energetic students take full advantage of every opportunity to learn and thus achieve higher - academic excellence & tend to maximize social relationships and interactions, thus improving their chances of balanced progress. Medical Each hostel is provided with necessary first aid facilities. The Institute provides free first aid to the students in college campus during working hours. Qualified physicians are available in the close proximity of the college & hostels for consultancy. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Seminars & Workshops Seminars & Workshops (International & National Seminars/workshops and Conferences ) Jan 2010 to Dec 2010 Jan 2011 to Dec 2011 Jan 2012 to Dec 2012 Jan 2013 to 2014 Jan 2015 to 2017 Jan 2018 to 2019 S. No. Date Training/Workshop Remarks 1 11 Jan, 10 Professional talk on New aspects of signal processing Dr. Ashwini Chaturvedi 2 02nd April 2010 Workshop on Placement Preparation For Industry Specific And Core Industry Specific Issues ICHIEVE 3 3-4 April’2010 Prof. Dattakumara, Wipro 2 Day Advance Workshop of Mission10x 4 8th May’2010 Ranjan Kakar.Kyrion Technology Delhi Guest Lecture on Cyber Crime & security 5 15th Sept,10 Department of ECE National level Fest on Presentation of Technical Projects and various Robo devices 6 18-19th Sept, 10 Department of ECE Technical Paper Presentation on Electronics Field 7 28th Sept’10 Department of ECE TEJ Competition Online competitive examination 8 15th Nov, 10 Department of ECE Inaugurations on ISTE students Chapter (Electronics Field) 9 22nd Nov 10 Department of ECE Special Guest Lecture on Microwave Engineering 10 12th Dec 2010 Special Training Program PT Education 11 15-17th Dec’10 2011 Batch Special Training Programe on Interview Skills (Times Academy) 12 20th Dec’10 2011 Batch Corporate Recruitment Training Programe (PT Education) 13 23rd Dec’10 Wipro Workshop on Teaching &Learning.; S. No. Date Training/Workshop Remarks 1 Jan ‘2011 Seminar Cum Road Show Infosys Campus Connect 2 6th Jan 2011 Project Genesis Seminar Infosys BPO 3 18th Jan’ 11 Assessment on VHDL design and Analysis (3rd year ECE students) Deaprtment of T&P; 4 22nd Jan’11 Technical Quiz Contest Deaprtment of T&P; 5 19th - 20th Feb, 11 2 days National Conference on Innovative developments and electronic arena(IDEA) Department of ECE 6 25th Feb’2011 Webinar on Credit Cards-Global Trends and Technology Impact Infosys Technologies Mr. Sachin Kuchal, Delivery Manager, BCM 7 2nd March’2011 One day workshop on Hardware Technologies Prof. Himanshu Arora 8 5th - 6th March’ 11 2 days workshop on Embedded system Department of ECE 9 12th March’ 11 Workshop on VHDL design and Analysis Department of ECE 10 15th March’ 11 One Day Workshop on Embedded system Department of ECE 11 15th March’ 11 One day Seminar on Latest Technologies for Web applications ATS Infotech Delhi 12 24th March’ 11 Workshop on Bridging Gap of Industry & Academia Infosys Ltd. 13 24th March’ 2011 Webinar on Trends in Telecom Industry Khushi ram Sheoran Lead Consultant Infosys Ltd. 14 31st March’ 11 Seminar on Options for Career Enhancement Arnav Media 15 March-May/11 Career Enhancement Program (CEP) Macbee 16 4th April’11 Corporate Enhancement Programe PT Education 17 9th-10th April’ 2011 2 Days National Conference on recent advancement in Computer & I.T Department of CSE 18 23-24th April’ 11 Advances & Research in Electrical System Technology (AREST) Department of EE 19 25th April’ 11 Seminar on Career Progression University of Bedfordshire, UK 20 25th & 26th April 2011 Infy Road Show cum Workshop Infosys Ltd. 21 29-30th April to 1st May’ 11 Workshop on Ethical Hacking HCL Technology 22 3rd May’ 11 Career Enhancement Program (CEP) Endeavor Careers 23 5th May’ 11 One day workshop on PLC/SCADA On Microwave Engineering Department of EE 24 12th May 2011 Orientation and Induction Workshop Hindustan Unilever Ltd. 25 23rd May’ 11 Seminar on Foreign Education Empire College, UK 26 25th May’ 11 Seminar Cum Road Show Infosys Campus Connect 27 26th July 2011 Speacila Training Camp Purpleleap 28 4th Aug. 2011 Cloud Computing & Testing Infosys Campus Connect 29 24th Aug. 2011 Pre-Placement talk Infosys Ltd. 30 24th Aug. 2011 Induction & Orientation Program Infosys Campus Connect 31 24th Aug. 2011 Workshop on Centre of Excellence Initiatives & technical Training IBM 32 23rd to 27th Aug. 2011 Special Training Session Purpleleap 33 26th & 27th Aug. 2011 Special Aptitude Building Classes Endeavor Careers 34 6th Sep 2011 Pre-Placement talk Indian Army 35 21st to 23rd Sep. 2011 Special Training Camp & Workshop Purpleleap 36 24th to 29th Sep. 2011 Special Training Camp & Workshop Purpleleap 37 28th to 30th Sep. 2011 Virtual Tech days Microsoft 38 29th Sep. 2011 Orientation & Pre Placement Talk Wipro BPO 39 29th Sep. 2011 Windows Phone : 7 Microsoft 40 18th Oct. 2011 Workshop on Resume Writing SDC 41 19th to 21st Oct. 2011 Special Training Workshop onFor Logical reasoning & Mock Interviews Purpleleap 42 17th Nov. 2011 Special Training Session on Interview Tips SDC 43 10th & 13th Dec. 2011 Special Training Session on Communication skills SDC 44 16th & 19th Dec. 2011 Special VLSI Training Classes Purpleleap 45 17th Dec. 2011 Academic Initiative Workshop Accenture 46 21st Dec. 2011 Software Development Pitfalls Infosys Campus Connect S.No. Date Training/ Workshop Remarks 1 19th Jan. 2012 NIIT Seminar on New Technology & Innovation 2 23rd to 27th Jan. 2012 T&P; Special Aptitude Building Classes 3 2nd Feb. 2012 Infosys Technologies Ltd. Infy Road Show cum Workshop 4 9th Feb. 2012 HCL Technologies Workshop on Employee First customer Second 5 22nd to 25th Feb. 2012 Purple-Leap Special Training Workshop 6 25th Feb. 2012 Infosys Technologies Ltd. Infy 3.0 Road Show 7 13th March 2012 Infosys Campus Connect Relational Database Management System:- Industry & Technology Trends 8 24th March 2012 Department of CSE Workshop on Ethical Hacking and Information Security 9 16th April 2012 Purple-Leap Orientation & Induction Program 10 17th & 18th April 2012 Purple-Leap Orientation & Induction Program 11 5th June 2012 Nucleus Software Orientation & Induction Program 12 11th June 2012 Purple-Leap Seminar of Java Technology 13 11th-12th July 2012 Purple-Leap Student Orientation Workshop 14 20th-21st July 2012 Purple-Leap Seminar on Industry Connect 15 24th-30th July 2012 Purple-Leap Intensive Interactive Training Week 16 August 2012 Infosys Aspiration 2020 Programming Contest 17 August 2012 Wipro International Level Competition “Earthian” 18 6th- 11th August 2012 Purple-Leap Intensive Interactive Training Week 19 14th August 2012 Co-Cubes Seminar on Placement Awareness 20 18th August 2012 Purple-Leap Industry Connect Session 21 22nd August 2012 Infosys Technologies Road Show & Seminar 22 25th August 2012 Purple-Leap Industry Connect Session 23 13th-15th Sep. 2012 Purple-Leap Mock Interview Workshop 24 3rd-20th Oct. 2012 SDC Aptitude Building Workshop 25 7th Oct. 2012 Purple-Leap Special Aptitude Building Workshop 26 9th-10th Oct. 2012 Purple-Leap Workshop on Resume Writing 27 15th Oct. 2012 INDIAN ARMY Motivational Talk 28 26th Nov. 2012 Microsoft Microsoft Advantage Education Program 29 3rd Dec. 2012 Microsoft & Nokia Seminar on Windows Phone S.No. Date Training/ Workshop Remarks 1 18th Jan. 2013 IBM IBM TGMC Workshop 2 9th Feb. 2013 Ministry of Human Resources NPTEL Workshop 3 16th Feb. 2013 NEN E-Week Grand Finale 4 6th March 2013 Rajasthan Royals Rajasthan Royals Workshop 5 7th March 2013 Aspiring Minds Seminar on Importance of Assessments 6 7th March 2013 IBM IBM Virtual Academy Session The Journey Continues….. S.No. Date Training/ Workshop Remarks 37 23 Dec 2017 Interaction with IIT'ans PhD Students from various IIT's have interacted with the students on High Power Computing, Data and Analysis along with some motivational talks and guided them on various career choices 38 21-22 Dec 2017 Higher Education & Human Resource Conclave(HR Conclave-2017 Holding same sprit Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management exhibited the Higher Education & Human Resource Conclave(HR Conclave-2017) from 21st to 22nd December,2017 at Hotel Marriott, Jaipur, organized by Department of Technical Education, Govt. of Rajasthan. 39 20-21 Dec 2017 Entrepreneurship Awareness Camp" (EDII Boot Camp) To create awareness among the students about various facets of Entrepreneurship as an alternative career option Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized "Entrepreneurship Awareness Camp" (EDII Boot Camp) in the Association with Startup Oasis, Jaipur on 20th & 21st December, 2017 for B.Tech students 40 19-20 Dec 2017 Intelligent Data Exploration & Analysis- IDEA 2017 QIV File 41 19-21 Dec 2017 "Intelligent Data Exploration & Analysis"-IDEA-2017 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management has successfully concluded 2 Days International Workshop on "Intelligent Data Exploration & Analysis"-IDEA-2017. We were truly delighted by the presence of some of eminent personalities from the field of Technologies and Academic with varied internationally Experience 42 18 Dec 2017 International Seminar on Recent Trends International Seminar on Recent Trends in Engineering & Technology 42 18-21 Dec 2017 24th IEEE International Conference on High-Performance Computing, Data & Analytics Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management partnered and sponsored the "24th IEEE International Conference on High-Performance Computing, Data & Analytics" organised on 18th-21st Dec. 2017 at Le Meridian, Jaipur 44 12 Dec 2017 FDP on 32 Success Mantra FDP on 32 Success Mantra 44 12 Aug 2017 The visit was at Kunda 220 KV Grid Sub-Station Students have a hands-on learning experience and got to know the technical aspects of transmission & distribution 45 12 Aug 2017 Systematic Voter's Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP). The Session has been helping in clearing the various doubts of our students about elections, the ethical responsibilities and democracy education. 46 12 June 2017 Java Orientation Program The Session was delivered by C-DAC Jaipur and has been resourceful in getting to know the different new technologies available in the field today. 47 15 Nov 2017 "Education & Billateral Trade in Australia" in association with Small Business Association of Australia Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised an International Seminar on 'Australia-India Trade Mission' in association with 'Small Business Association of Australia' to support the wide and diverse Information and Membership in following areas:Education in Australia (Griffith University) & Trade in Australia (Delegation from Brisbane). 48 11 Aug 2017 Entrepreneurship Session Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organized an Entrepreneurship Session of Josh Talks for the 2nd Year Students of ACERC. During the Session, various speakers interacted with students and shared there motivating life stories. The students get to know about startup culture and on various other related topics. 49 10 Aug 2017 Accelerate- The Startup Talk' The Session helped the students in clarifying their doubts and queries regarding Entrepreneurship, Startup Culture and various challenges faced by freshers. With this Startup Talk, we have initiated our Entrepreneurship Activities for the Session 2017-18 50 31 Aug 2017 Baraclays CSR & Students Interaction Session Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised Students Interaction Session for Final Year Students on 31st August 2017. The Chief Speaker was 'Ms. Pratiksha Kurjekar, Sr. Manager-PMO, Thomson Reuters'. .The Session is one of its kind and was exclusively happened in Jaipur and has extensively helped students in establishing industry connect and expanding arena in placement prospects. 51 24 May 2017 Training Awareness Program under C-CAD TechSangam Program C-DAC 'Tech- Sangan Program' is a National Initiative of Academia Industry Collaboration Program. Under this, various programs are available for students.After the Session, an online screening test was taken by the C-DAC Team in which 20 students were selected for a Free 2 Month Summer Training Program 52 22 May 2017 Connecting Youth on Wheels Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised a 'Connecting Youth on Wheels' Seminar by Mr. Shrawan K. Yadav, Founder, Connecting Youth on Wheels.Mr. Shravan, a Person with lot of gravity and in depth understanding about how Emotions play role in student life, shared his experiences and a Seminar to enlighten 1st year students 53 05 Nov 2017 Google Certificate Programme. Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised Seminar on Google Certificate Programme. 54 15 April 2017 K.P. Auto-motives Roof Top Plant, Jaipur. In this visit, the students came to know about the Photo-voltaic Modules, Battery Pack for Storage, Interconnection Wiring, Solar Tracking Mechanism and various aspects of Solar Power Generation, Working of the Solar Plant, Troubleshooting etc. 55 25 March 2017 Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC). The students get to learn about the working of Tunnel Boring Machine (TBM), shifting of trains in yards and various other aspects of Metro 56 03 June 2017 Career Guidance Interactive Session Arya College of Engineering & Centre Organised an Career Guidance Interactive Session for Final and Pre Final Year Students.The Chief Speaker of the Session was Mr. Utkarsh Jain, Director, Kartikey Enertech Pvt LTD 57 20 Feb 2017 Toastmasters The Toastmasters is an International Club which operates clubs worldwide for the purpose of helping members improve their communication, public speaking, and leadership skills 58 19 Feb 2017 Python Language QIV File 59 02 July 2017 Foreign Education The Chief Speakers for the Seminar were Mr. Robin Dube (MBA, Harvard University, Verbal Director, The Erudite Architects-TEA) and Mr. Abhishek Shekhawat (MBA, George Washington University Director, The Erudite Architects-TEA) 60 02 March 2017 Importance and Role of Project Management Software in Civil Engineering The Chie Chief Speaker of the Seminar was Mr. Vinod Garg, CEO and Founder of PROMAC Advisors Pvt Ltd- Project Management Consultancy 61 30 Jan 2017 National Workshop on Innovation With Python National Workshop on Innovation With Python By Riaz UI Haque and Narendra Kumar Sharma 61 30 Jan 2017 ICC Webinar QIV 62 24 Jan 2017 Support for Entrepreneurial and Managerial Development of SME Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised MSME sponsored Awareness Programme for 'Support for Entrepreneurial and Managerial Development of SME's through Incubators under NMCP Scheme 63 22 Jan 2017 How to crack IAS On 22nd January 2017, Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Hosted Seminar on "How to crack IAS" organised by BYJU'S. The Chief Speaker was Dr. Satya Prakash Jha, who has mentored many IAS aspirants 64 19 Jan 2017 Python Language QIV 65 16 Jan 2017 C Language QIV 66 22 Jan 2017 How to crack IAS On 22nd January 2017, Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Hosted Seminar on "How to crack IAS" organised by BYJU'S. The Chief Speaker was Dr. Satya Prakash Jha, who has mentored many IAS aspirants 67 1 Dec 2017 Python Language QIV 68 01 March 2017 Innvation with python QIV - by Riyaz Ul Haque and Narendra Kumar Sharma 69 03 Feb 2017 Seminar on Importance and Role of Project Management Seminar on Importance and Role of Project Management Software in Civil Engineering 69 16 Dec 2017 Smart India Heckathon 2017 QIV - by Anil Sahasrabudhe 70 05 Nov 2016 National Seminar Startup Fest National Seminar Startup Fest on Rajasthan Startup Fest 70 23 Aug 2016 AIESEC Internationl Program QIV - by Anil Sahasrabudhe 70 13 Aug 2016 Resume Writing QIV 70 12 Aug 2016 National Seminar on Embedded Session National Seminar on Embedded Session 70 12 Aug 2016 National Seminar on Technical Certification National Seminar on Technical Certification Training ASP.NET by Mukesh Vyas 70 10 Aug 2016 National Seminar on Career Guidance Session National Seminar on Career Guidance Session on Topic-How Engineers can became an Enterpreneur by Mr. Pratyakash Bhagi 71 08 Dec 2016 Technical certificate training ASP.NET QIV - by Mukesh Vyas 72 22-23 Oct 2016 FDP on Soft Computing and Research Tools FDP on Soft Computing and Research Tools (SCRT-2016) 72 08 Oct 2016 "How Engineers can become an Entrepreneur" Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organised Career Guidance Session on topic "How Engineers can become an Entrepreneur" presented by Mr, Pratyaksh Bhagi who is an Entrepreneur, a Marketers & a Financial planner,to all 3rd yr. students. 73 28 July 2016 WF learn wise platform - A Debrief QIV 74 06 Aug 2016 Campus connect portal update and batch closers QIV 75 14 May 2016 Great Business Ideas To Boost these values in our Students Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized an event "Creating #Business Idea" in association with "Headstart Network" & "Neos Angel" on 14th May 2016 76 13 May 2016 Surveyor and Loss Assessor Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management with Mr. Sumeet Lodhi (Surveyor and Loss Assessor) conducted a Special Lecture for the CORE Branches (CIVIL & MECHANICAL) to guide them in starting their own business and also guided them to become entrepreneurs in their respective fields 77 05 Oct 2016 Industry certificate course orientation QIV 78 21-23 March 2016 Wipro Mission 10X Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organising Engineering Faculty Workshop from 21st to 23rd March, 2016 in association with Wipro Mission 10X programme powered by Wipro Technologies 79 03 Dec 2016 400 KV Substation, Heerapura, Jaipur With the aim of providing practical Industrial Knowledge, Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized an Industrial visit for II Year Electrical Engineering Students ACERC in 400 KV Substation , Heerapura, Jaipur. In this Visit students learned the transmission and distribution of electricity 80 12-12 March 2016 Advanced Research and Designing Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Electrical Engineering Department organized a Workshop "AWARD-2016 (Arya Advanced Research & Designing) 81 03 May 2016 CDOT exchange(BSNL) Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized Industrial Visit of CDOT exchange(BSNL) for Electronics and Comm. Engineering branch 82 10 July 2016 Zoomla Language QIV File 83 13 May 2016 Surveyour & Loss Assessor QIV File By - Sumit Sodhi 84 28 Jan 2016 One Day Awareness Programme on Support for Entrepreneurial and Managerial Development of MSE's Through Incubators Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management on 28th Jan. 2016 conducted a Fruitful & Innovative Session in Collaboration with MSME (Micro Small & Medium Enterprise) spreading awareness among students and encouraging them to come up with innovative ideas & Projects which could be used up for the growth and development of industrial Sector for "One Day Awareness Programme on Support for Entrepreneurial and Managerial Development of MSE's Through Incubators" 85 19 Jan 2016 Artificial Intelligence Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Welcomes Mr. Ajith Abraham, Director of MIR Labs. for a Special Session on Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Arya Main Campus. He has a rich Experience of more than 23 Years with M.S. Degree from Nanyang University, Singapore. He has more than 900+ Publications and Participated in 75+ University Conferences 86 13-15 Oct 2015 Science Exhibition Cum Workshop Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management is organizing Science Exhibition Cum Workshop from 13th to 15th October, 2015 87 09 Nov 2014 Motivational Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised Motivational Seminar for Students S.No. Date Training/ Workshop Remarks 1 06-10 June 2019 TEQIP III RTU (ATU) Sponsored TEQIP III RTU (ATU) Sponsored FDP on Machine Intelligence in Swarm Bots 2 28 June 2019 International Seminar on Recent Trends International Seminar on Recent Trends in Maple, SQL, LaTex and Project Management 3 21 June 2019 AICTE Internship Policy with Industries and Technical Education The program was organized in Association with Bhardwaj Foundation, Jaipur and Rajasthan 4 06 Aug 2019 Technological Adversities & Innovation. 5 23 April 2019 Bhamashah Techni Hub Jaipur 6 17 April 2019 Competitive Programming The speaker of the seminar was Mr. Parikh Jain, Faculty and Software Developerat Coding Ninjas. 7 13 April 2019 Free Education Program In Germany The Speaker of the seminar was Mr. Imran Khan, Director of International Marketing inBusiness Development at EURASIA Institute (EIIE), Berlin Area, Germany. 8 13 April 2019 Gentech HealthcarePvt. Ltd. in Rai, Haryana. 9 03 March 2019 Innovation for Product Development in Engineering QIV File 10 23 Feb 2019 Green Byilding & its Career Prospects The seminar was organized by Department of Mechanical Engineering for IIIrd year students of Mechanical and Civil Engineering departments. The Keynote speakers was Ms. RiddhiChatterjee and Ms. Rashika Chougle 11 21 March 2019 Fault Analysis Using Matlab National Seminar on Fault Analysis Using Matlab 12 22 March 2019 Technological Adversities and Research QIV File 13 02 Nov 2019 ISRO QIV File 14 03 March 2019 Innovation for Product Development in Engineering QIV File 15 23 Jan 2019 Global Strategic management QIV File 16 22 Feb 2019 Technological Adversities and Research QIV File 17 19 Jan 2019 Recent Trends in Dependable Computing & Networking QIV File 18 14 Dec 2019 Concrete Mix Design "For the Final Year Students of Civil Engineering Department at the Wonder Cement Centre of Excellence.The workshop focused on the Ready Mix Designing Concept and taught the students about batch mixing, pan mixing, admixtures, Ready Mix Concrete etc." 19 13-14 Dec 2018 Intelligent Data Exploration & Analysis- IDEA2018 QIV File 20 12 June 2018 220KV Grid Sub-Station at Kunda, Jaipur. Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised an Industrial Visit for the 3rd Year Students of Electrical Engineering Department at the 220KV Grid Sub-Station at Kunda, Jaipur. 21 12 April 2018 Survey Camp Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised conducted the Survey Camp for B.Tech 3rd Year students of conducted the Survey Camp for B.Tech 3rd Year students of Arya College of Engg. and Research Centre. The 3-day camp started on 4th Dec 2018 at Billochi-Delhi Road and had various surveying exercises including Contouring, Road Surveying, Survey using: theodolite, and dumping level etc. 22 14 Dec 2018 Core Engine Driving Innovation & Economic Growth in 21st Century. The lecture was attended by students and faculty members and was hosted at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management 23 11 June 2018 Bionic hand In a Historic moment, an MoU of Bionic Hand (Jaipur_Hand) was signed between Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management, Jaipur and Bhagwan Mahaveer Viklang Sahayta Samiti (An International Society).The MoU was signed by Dr. Arvind Agarwal (President Awardee) and Dr. D.R. Mehta (Padma Bhushan Awardee). 24 26-27 Oct 2018 Consciousness of faculty towards of Internet of Things NCRTET– 2018 acts as a forum for the academic as well as an industrial community to address the opportunities & challenges and to discuss the scope for future research. The conference bought together academicians, research scholars, engineers and scientists to exchangeand share their expertise. 25 13 Oct 2018 Recent Trends in Power Electronics Dr. Nitin Gupta from the Electrical Engineering Department, MNIT, Jaipur delivered a lecture on Power Electronics to the students, clearing the fundamentals of the subject 26 14-15 Sept 2018 Civil Engineering Software The workshops have been preceded by Industry Experts like Er. Saurabh Bhardwaj (R&D; Engineer). Mr. Vinod Garg (Construction Management) 27 14-15 Sept 2018 Python with Machine Learning The workshops have been preceded by Industry Experts like Er. Saurabh Bhardwaj (R&D; Engineer). Mr. Vinod Garg (Construction Management) 28 14-15 Sept 2018 Short Circuit Studies of Typical Power Syste The workshops have been preceded by Industry Experts like Er. Saurabh Bhardwaj (R&D; Engineer). Mr. Vinod Garg (Construction Management) 29 09 Aug 2018 MATLAB and Industrial Automation System. The workshop covered the Electrical Design and Logic Concepts, Solar Systems, Industrial Mechanical Designing, Labview, MATLAB and Industrial Automation System. 30 14 Aug 2018 TEQIP III RTU (ATU) Sponsored Expert Lecture TEQIP III RTU (ATU) Sponsored Expert Lecture on Core Engine Driving Innovation & Economic Growth in 21st Century 31 09 July 2018 Importance of Communication Skills in Engineering The programme conducted under CSR quotient for the benefit of students across the nation. An interactive and activity based Session was conducted by Dr. Rachna Nigam, Director-HR, IET, Kharghar, Mumbai. 32 16 May 2018 Quality analysis and overall personality development for corporates. Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized an Expert Session by Ms. Meenakshi Arora, Expert Trainer to Many MNC's Like TCS, HP, and HSBC, for the First and Second Year Students of MBA Department. 33 07 Nov 2018 Startup, Incubation & Innovation Center "Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management signed an MOU with Rajasthan Technical University, Kamtech Associates, Bharadwaj Foundation Jaipur and CADD Center.Startup, Incubation & Innovation Center will be set up at Kukas and Sitapura in Jaipur. These Centers will also join the ""I-start Rajasthan"" program of IT Department, Govt. of Rajasthan soon.In order to promote Future Entrepreneurship in Rajasthan, Startup, Incubation & Innovation Centers will be set up at Kukas and Sitapura in Jaipur" 34 05-09 June 2018 Practical Exposures of Image Processing using MATLAB "Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management in collaboration with Rajasthan Technical University Organised the TEQIP-3 Workshop on 'Practical Exposures of ImageProcessing Using MATLAB' from 05 June to 09th June. 35 22-23 March 2018 Training Program Managing runway emotions on the job 36 20 March 2018 Advanced Computing Techniches in Manufacturing Process & Automation QIV File 37 14 March 2018 Importance of MSME Session The Session informed the advantages of MSME certification courses, As the certification by MSME would be more useful & relevant to students since they have already undergone training courses in STADD-Pro 38 15-16 Feb 2018 Advanced Research and Innovation in Engineering and Technology QIV File 39 31 Jan 2018 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management signed an MOU with Kamtech Associates Pvt. Ltd. Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management signed an MOU with Kamtech Associates Pvt. Ltd., The Employers' Association of Rajasthan (EAR) and Bhardwaj Foundation, Jaipur for Skill Development,Job Oriented Training, Academic-Industry Interface, Placements, R&D; and Related Services 40 18 Jan 2018 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management signed an MOU with The Employers' Association of Rajasthan (EAR) Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management signed an MOU with The Employers' Association of Rajasthan (EAR) and Bhardwaj Foundation, Jaipur for Skill Development, Academic-Industry Interface, Placements, R&D; and Related Services 41 18 Jan 2018 Product range and technologies The Faculty Members of Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management have attended One Day Workshop Program by Dell EMC (powered by Intel) on there new product range and technologies at Hotel Radisson Blu, Jaipur. 42 15 Jan 2018 Concrete Mix Design Workshop Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Organised a 'Concrete Mix Design Workshop' for the final year students of Civil Department at Wonder Cement, Jaipur Plant. 43 01 June 2018 INDUSTRY-INSTITUTE INTERFACE" Conclave Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized the "INDUSTRY-INSTITUTE INTERFACE" Conclave at its Main Campus in association with The Employers' Association of Rajasthan (EAR) and Bhardwaj FOundation 44 01 June 2018 INDUSTRY-INSTITUTE INTERFACE" Conclave Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management organized the "INDUSTRY-INSTITUTE INTERFACE" Conclave at its Main Campus in association with The Employers' Association of Rajasthan (EAR) and Bhardwaj FOundation Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Arya Shraddhanjali Shraddhanjali Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management An electrifying technical fest cum symposium organised by the students and teachers of Arya Group . This is a National level event, which marks a time for the students to sharpen their talents Shradhanjali is a tribute paid to our founder Chairman Late Shri T.K. Agarwalji and is a mega event where innovation is showcased , an event which features students and professionals from all over India participate and get a chance to share their knowledge and opinion on a common platform. The various sub-events of Shradhanjali are:- Alpana Blogging Equinox Robotics Cern software competition Confero- debate competition Hardware presentation Gyration-dance competition Poster making Don –de-mode- fashion show Quiz Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management (AIETM) has the best possible industry contacts, the finest of faculty and a stimulating learning environment. It is a catalyst for new ideas, concepts, and skills. To attain its objectives, AIETM ensures that its every student emerges as a total professional i.e. as one with a distinct individuality to lead and galvanize the process of change and transformation in the 21st century. It intends to help students discover their various facets and attain their true potential.. All in all, AIETM ensures that its students are equipped with the resources to realize their dreams the moment they step out from the Institute. In addition to accelerating the pace of meeting its primary obligation to fostering the academic, intellectual, and scholastic standards, the College has been making genuine and ample efforts for enhancing the employability skills of the Students. Courses Offered Civil Engineering B.Tech.Seats-90 Computer Science Engineering B.Tech.Seats-60 Electrical Engineering B.Tech.Seats-60 Mechanical Engineering B.Tech.Seats-90 7 YEARS OF SUCCESS 10000 ALUMNI 250 CAMPUS DRIVES 600 COMPUTERS Life @ Arya Placement @ Arya Placement 2021 Placement 2020 What Students Say ? "ARYA INSTITUTE is one of the best Institutes, where we not only gain knowledge but also get good opportunity for practical projects, and thus would rate it as the best place for the student to become not only a good business leaders but also good human beings." Kshitiz Raj 2011-15 Batch Technical Consultant, Fujitsu Consulting India "Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management provided me the "Best faculty courseware, Placement and infrastructure and helped me creating an identity for myself in the industry" Vijaya Kumari 2012-16 Batch Subject Matter Expert, Acadecraft Private Limited "ARYA INSTITUTE is one of the best Institutes, where we not only gain knowledge but also get good opportunity for practical projects, and thus would rate it as the best place for the student to become not only a good business leaders but also good human beings." Abhinav Choudhary 2010-14 Batch EDI Analyst, A3 Logics "I can't explain this Institute in two lines it was pleasing experience to be a part of this Institute where I was able to nurture my dream and turn in to reality. Thank you ARYA INSTITUTE." Himanshi Ameta 2010-14 Batch Marketing Lead, ICICI Bank Our Top Recruiters × Placement Details-2020 Close × Placement Details-2021 Close Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur First Year Department OVERVIEW SPECIALIZATIONS LABS FACULTY PEO PO PSO First Year Department The 1st Year Department of Engineering is imparting knowledge through teaching and creating implementation of practical aspects to build a solid foundation as part of the Engineering Education. It is one of the fundamental departments of Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management and plays a vital role in teaching basic sciences courses as prescribed by the curriculum of the university in the I year of Engineering programme The department is backed by very highly educated, talented & dedicated faculty members to fulfill their task. In addition to the primary teaching duties discharged by them; many of them have their publications in National as well as International Journals of repute for attaining perfection in their profession. The humanities and social sciences constitute a whole universe of intellectual domains, spanning the entire range of knowledge pertinent to human relationships, our history and prospects for the future. Indeed, B.Tech students have for long found the experience of taking courses in these departments eye-opening, valuing throughout their lives even with their limited exposure to Socratic forms of dialogue and reasoning. Arya group of college being the best engineering in college in Jaipur, Rajasthan provides the huge research platform to its student for their better growth and development. Salient Features: Reputed professional disciplined work culture for quality education. Excellent Result, University Merit positions of students. Highly Experienced, qualified, competent and devoted faculties and skilled technical, non-technical staff. Continuous Assessment of student, teacher-Guardian Scheme and career counseling. Motivational and rewards to meritorious students and special attention towards weak students. Co-curricular and extra-curricular activities for technical and personal development of students. Expert guest lectures, seminar, workshop for right aptitude development of students. Special Student Development classes (SDC) to enhance communication skills & soft-skills. To provide basic knowledge in Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, English and Necessary foundation in various concepts of Engineering. To motivate students to prepare for competitive examinations enabling them to pursue higher studies their by promoting Development activities. To impart training to enable the students to envisage the real time problems related to the subjects. DEPARTMENT SPECIALIZATIONS: FOCUS AREA: The teaching module comprise of lectures, tutorials and practicals. The methodology adopted in the classroom teaching is based on the application of innovative strategies, comprehensive lectures, regular assignments and interaction between teachers and students. DIGITAL NOTES: Our classes are made interactive with the use of power point presentations, videos and demos, wherever possible. Students are encouraged to give seminars on latest developments on some of the topics being taught. EVALUATION SYSTEM: The department has its unique way of evaluating the performance of students. Regular assignments and unit test at the completion of each unit guides the students about RTU curriculum and therefore boost their confidence for the examination. The department also conducts test series for the students in order to improve their performance in the examination. Extra classes are also conducted if the students are not able to understand certain topics. STUDENT DEVELOPMENT (SDC) AND CAMPUS RECRUITMENT TRAINING (CRT) CELLS: A group of ignited minds clustered together to provide regular inputs for the complete development of a student. The main objective of student development cell (SDC) is to identify the potential of each student and to facilitate them in achieving their academic goods through various clues. It provides an exclusive platform for different dimension of learning networking and socializing outside of the classroom. SDC organizes a variety of events such as workshops, skill development courses, power lecture series, motivational seminars, value added courses and many more to mention. NO. OF SEATS: The students of the department have been able to secure campus placements in many reputed companies including: B. Tech Civil Engineering 120 Seats B. Tech Computer Science & Engineering 150 Seats B. Tech Electrical Engineering 60 Seats Departmental Labs Electrical & Electronics Engineering Lab Electrical Machine Lab - I Electrical Machine Lab - II Electrical Measurement Lab Power Electronics Lab Control System Lab High Voltage Engineering Lab Power System Lab Modeling & Simulation Lab PLC Lab Project & R & D Lab 1.1 KV GSS Lab Electric Drive & Control Lab Computer Lab Orell Digital English Software Lab Physics Labs Physics Dark Room Chemistry Labs Electrical & Electronics Lab Language lab Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Arya Cup (Sports Meet) Arya Cup (Sports Meet) Keeping in view that a healthy mind resides in a healthy body; Arya creates the maximum possible facilities to promote the spirit of sportsmanship. The Annual Sports Meet Comprising of events like Footwall, Table Tennis, Carom, Chess and Cricket is organized in the college. It is during this meet, that Arya Cup – Inter College Cricket Tournament is held in Which Various teams form different colleges match their mettle and the best team carries the Arya Cup. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Awards & Recognition Awards & Recognition S.No. Awards Category Award Won By Year 1 ‘8th Principals and Teachers Award 2019’ Award for Excellence in Education Mr. Pradeep Jha September 2019 2 ‘Top Private Institute in North India’ Award to Arya Group of Colleges by Jaagran Josh under Engineering Category. The Award was presented by Hon’ble Venkaiah Naidu, Vice-President of India. Arya Group of Colleges March 2019 3 ‘Academic Leader of the Year 2019’ Award in the field of Education and Entrepreneurship by Integrated Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI) Dr. Puja Agarwal March 2019 4 'Best Educational Institution -2017' Award by The Employers' Association of Rajasthan Arya Group of Colleges January 2019 5 'Visionary Leader of the Year-2018' by Centre for Education Growth and Research (CEGR) Dr. Arvind Agarwal December 2018 6 'Leading Innovative Engineering Institute in Rajasthan'/ Awardby elets Arya Group of Colleges December 2018 7 ‘Productivity Excellence Award 2016-17’ by Rajasthan State Productivity Council Arya Group of Colleges November 2018 8 ‘7th Principals and Teachers Award 2018’ Dr. Puja Agarwal September 2018 9 ‘7th Principals and Teachers Award 2018’ Award for Excellence in Education Dr. Himanshu Arora September 2018 10 'Sewa Ratan'by Rajasthan State Commission for Minorities for his for contribution in the field of Technical Education Dr. Arvind Agarwal August 2018 11 'Dare to Dream Award' by Federation of Rajasthan Trade & Industry (FORTI) and SAP Dr. Arvind Agarwal August 2018 12 Pride of Rajasthan Dr. Arvind Agarwal June 2018 13 'Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Acclamation for Internationalisation of India's Education 2018'Award by ReTHINK INDIA. Arya Group of Colleges May 2018 14 "Education Excellence Award" by the My FM Group Arya Group of Colleges April 2018 15 'Rajasthan Gaurav Award-2017' by Sanskriti Yuva Sansthan Rajasthan Gauravfor Exceptional Contribution in the field of Education in Rajasthan Dr. Arvind Agarwal December 2017 16 'VisionaryEdupreneurof India'by Sri Pranab Mukherjee, Ex-President of India during 'National Convention of EduLeader & EduPreneurs in Higher Education' for laying down an Extra Ordinary Emphasis on the Goal of including the Spirit of Entrepreneurship in the Students of his Colleges guiding them to be Job Dr. Arvind Agarwal December 2017 17 On the auspicious occasion of Gopasthami, Dr.Arvind AgarwalSir, President, Arya Group of Colleges have been Felicitated by Hon'ble Smt. Vasundhara Raje, Chief Minister, Rajasthan, for his Contribution in supporting various activities like Cow Protection, Mid-Day Meals & Promoting Vedic Culture. Dr. Arvind Agarwal October 2017 18 'Indian Edupreneur of the Year' by Brands Academy Dr. Arvind Agarwal June 2017 19 'Centre of Excellence' by Talent Grids ARYA Group of Colleges 2017 20 Kurjaa Award Dr.Puja Agarwal November 2016 21 Brand Achievers Award Dr. Arvind Agarwal 2015 22 Inspiring Minds Awards Dr. Arvind Agarwal 2015 23 Nari Shakti Award Dr. Puja Agarwal 2015 24 'Life Time Achievement Award' by Indian Achievers Podium Dr. Arvind Agarwal March 2014 25 'Inspiring Women Eduleaderfor the year 2014' by Engineering Watch Dr. Puja Agarwal March 2014 26 'Excellence in Education Innovation & Leadership Award' by WCRC Dr. Arvind Agarwal 2013 Top Private Institute in North India Award to Arya Group of Colleges by Jaagran Josh under READ MORE Visionary Edupreneur of India to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Sri Pranab Mukherjee READ MORE Academic Leader of the Year 2019 Award in the field of Education and Entrepreneurship READ MORE 8th Principals and Teachers Award 2019 Award for Excellence in Education READ MORE 8th Principals and Teachers Award 2019 Award for Excellence in Education READ MORE 8th Principals and Teachers Award 2019 Award for Excellence in Education READ MORE Academic Leader of the Year 2019 Award in the field of Education and Entrepreneurship READ MORE Best Educational Institution - 2017 Award to Arya Group of Colleges by The Employers READ MORE Visionary Leader of the Year-2018 to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Centre for Education READ MORE Visionary Leader of the Year-2018 to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Centre for Education READ MORE Leading Innovative Engineering Institute in Rajasthan Award to Arya Group of Colleges READ MORE Productivity Excellence Award 2016-17 to Arya Group of Colleges by Rajasthan State READ MORE 7th Principals and Teachers Award 2018 to Dr. Puja Agarwal in Sep. 2018 READ MORE 7th Principals and Teachers Award 2018 to Dr. Puja Agarwal in Sep. 2018 READ MORE 7th Principals and Teachers Award 2018 to Dr. Puja Agarwal in Sep. 2018 READ MORE 7th Principals and Teachers Award 2018 to Dr. Puja Agarwal in Sep. 2018 READ MORE Sewa Ratan to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Rajasthan State Commission for READ MORE Dare to Dream Award to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Federation of READ MORE Dare to Dream Award to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Federation of READ MORE Pride of Rajasthan to Dr. Arvind Agarwal in June 2018 READ MORE Pride of Rajasthan to Dr. Arvind Agarwal in June 2018 READ MORE Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Acclamation for Internationalisation of India's READ MORE Education Excellence Award" to Arya Group of Colleges by the My FM Group READ MORE Rajasthan Gaurav Award-2017’ to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Sanskriti Yuva Sansthan READ MORE Rajasthan Gaurav Award-2017’ to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Sanskriti Yuva Sansthan READ MORE Visionary Edupreneur of India to Dr. Arvind Agarwal by Sri Pranab Mukherjee READ MORE On the auspicious occasion of Gopasthami, Dr. Arvind Agarwal Sir, President READ MORE Indian Edupreneur of the Year to Dr. Arvind Agarwal in Recognition of READ MORE Centre of Excellence to ARYA Group of Colleges by Talent Grids2017 READ MORE Kurjaa Award to Dr. Puja Agarwal in November 2016 READ MORE Kurjaa Award to Dr. Puja Agarwal in November 2016 READ MORE Brand Achievers Award to Dr. Arvind Agarwal in 2015 READ MORE Inspiring Minds Award to Dr. Arvind Agarwal for Inspiring Students & Following READ MORE Nari Shakti Award to Dr. Puja Agarwal in 2015 READ MORE Nari Shakti Award to Dr. Puja Agarwal in 2015 READ MORE Life Time Achievement Award’ by Indian Achievers Podium to READ MORE Inspiring Women Eduleader for the year 2014 to READ MORE Excellence in Education Innovation & Leadership Award to READ MORE × Arya College Some text in the modal. Close Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Transportation Arya Transportation The college runs its own fleet of buses and Cabs for the convenience of the students and the staff members to help them commute from Jaipur and surrounding areas. The students intending to avail the transport facility need to inform the transport officer at the time of admission. Biggest fleet of buses operating from all corners of Jaipur. Well coordinated punctual and regular service available throughout the year. Bus Facility for Attending off Campus Drives. Bus facility for Industrial visits. Bus facility to take students to examination centers. Full provision of back up service in place to avoid any breakdown. Cab Facility to all HODs and Senior Faculty Members. Apart from Facilitating College's own Students and Staff Members, the College Management believes in extending benevolent services and to extend this vision of serving the society, Transport Assistance is also provided to students coming to attend Centralized Campus Drives at AIET. (Our Unique USP). Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Auditorium Arya Auditorium The Auditorium is the venue for various academic & cultural events. It is a acoustically designed with an excellent communication network that provides the desired connectivity between Speaker and the audience. The fully air – cooled room is fitted with best lighting & sound facility with video display systems that provide comfortable atmosphere to help make an excellent presentation. Its main features include a high-tech sound system, lavish seating arrangement, high quality mikes, vast screen, and the LCD projector. Apart from hosting all college functions it is used for conducting Placement Drives, Pre Placement Talks, Workshops, Seminars, Conferences, cultural festivals, Prize and Incentives Distribution Ceremonies, etc. Hostellers take a frequent advantage to enjoy Cricket and Movie Mania on weekends on the big screen and enjoy DJ music on the fabulous stage. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright © 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur ORGANOGRAM ORGANOGRAM Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur WiFi Campus Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur ATM Arya ATM ATM:The Bank of Baroda Bank have installed Automated Teller Machines (ATM) at the Arya Group of College Campus. This ATM caters to the requirements of the students and the staff, and, since it is located in the campus, it saves their precious time and effort. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Library Arya Library Library occupies a place of pride at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management, and is an essential component of the college's outstanding research and education mission. Recognizing the role of library and information services in meeting the requirements of the college's academic, research and training programmers, the Library was set-up as one of the key divisions of the AIETM. It is a most lively place on the campus providing a safe, comfortable and friendly environment that enables learning and advancement of knowledge, and promotes discovery and scholarship. The library has a ready stock of books, journals, magazines and newsletter from all over the world, replete with all kinds of support activities, like photocopying, audio-visual rooms, electronic media section, mapped with various reputed libraries in India. Library Features Stock with a rich collection of learning resources in the discipline of Technical Education & Management. Built on most modern lines and equipped with latest designed furniture & fittings . Managed by a highly dedicated team of professionals. Caters to the information needs of its highly demanding patrons, by offering a wide range of Information Technology (IT) based (and value added) services and products. Each Department too has its own Departmental Library which caters to customized needs of Students and Faculty Members and helps to share Conducive Academic Atmosphere with acoustic settings and resources. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur About Arya Group About Arya Group Arya Group of Colleges was established under the aegis of All India Arya Samajis Society of Higher & Technology Education in the year 1999 by the founder chairman Er. Shri T.K. Agarwal Ji. He was a great visionary and has been the sole of inspiration behind the empire of Arya Group of Colleges. Arya Group of Colleges is splendidly spread over 25 acres of land area. The colleges here provide state of the art infrastructure with well equipped huge labs and modern facilities. The "Arya" for a decade is known to create benchmarks allowing the others to follow the blue prints. The Management of Arya is having the right bent of innovation and have the accurate knack to get these innovative ideas of theirs implemented. Ever since the inception, The Arya Group of Colleges is under the aegis of strong founder vision which constitutes them to touch a new milestone everyday. Arya Group of Colleges is a blend of innovation, perfection, and creation. The Campuses here are well equipped with the most prominent infrastructural and instructional facilities and the environs are perfect to equip future professionals with the right set of attitudes, skills and knowledge. Arya Group of Colleges is globally accepted as a vibrant seat of academic and professional excellence which is known for its innovative approach, participative culture and academic rigor. The special efforts to recruit talented faculty over the years and stirring admission procedures to select brilliant students across the country, ensures a pool of skilled intellectual capital at any given time in the campus. This helps in a health and dynamic exchange which incubates leader in the corporate world. The strong industry linkages ultimately go along the way in providing al holistic approach to research and education. Institutions - Arya Group of Colleges AIET Arya Institute of Engineering & Technology (AIET) is one of the Top Engineering Colleges in Rajasthan and among the foremost of Institutes in Higher Technical Education & Research. AIET is the most Technology savvy campus of Rajasthan with unique technological inputs & is the true testimony of our academics, infrastructure, vision & placements. ACERC ACERC (Arya college of Engineering & Research centre) is the flagship Institution of The Arya Group of Colleges which is been established to create new avenues for students by promoting quality research so that they can take on the mantle of future pioneers contributing to the growth of the Nation. ACP Arya college of Pharmacy was established in year 2004, keeping in view the real need for professionally trained personnel in the fast growing pharmaceutical Industry. The college aims to mould youth into competent & responsible professionals with pleasing personalities, who with requisite experience would become leaders in the pharmaceutical industry. APGC Arya PG College is a pioneer college of Higher Education Established in the Year 2017, spread over 10 acres of land with state of the Art Infrastructure & well equipped labs. Arya with its inherent strength of commitment, Best Resources, Experienced and Visionary Management, Highest Placements, imparts science & Management. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur JEWELS (Freshers) JEWELS (Freshers) Novelty has been intriguing and fascinating to man since times immemorial. The celebration of Jewels (Freshers party) in Arya College of Engineering and Research Centre is done with the purpose of welcoming the juniors who represent the same hope and challenge as new players in a cricket team or new twists in a good story. The Institute believes that the seniors and the juniors combined can make a terrific team together. Hence, the effort to make them feel welcome includes loads of joy and fun. It is a time when seniors extend a cordial reception to their juniors. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Cafeteria Arya Cafeteria Mess The college has their huge mess , which serves healthy and best nutritious cuisines to its students. Mess Facilities Mess facility is an integral part of the college, which provides wholesome, nutritious & homely food to all hostellers, faculty & staff members . The mess serves Vegetarian Food only and operates in self service mode. The mess provides morning tea, regular breakfast, lunch, evening snacks and tea, dinner and milk to all hostellers. The menu of the items is designed in consideration with requirements of the students and nutrition is added to make it healthy and complete. The stay in the hostel gives a sense of solidarity amongst the students. Mess caters to the tastes of the students of different region and students with varied culinary preferences. Mess menu is planed and managed by the management in consultation with the students. Canteen The college has its own canteen, which serves healthy and nutritious food to its students at subsidized rates. The menu varies from spicy samosas, wafers to full-meals. The students also have a wide range of chocolates and soft drinks to choose from. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Department of Computer Science Engineering OVERVIEW INDUSTRIAL LABS Department of Computer Science Engineering Computer Science Department is one of the leading departments in the campus providing technology-oriented programmes to meet today's needs of Industry. The department has highly qualified, experienced, and dedicated teaching faculty to impart knowledge in various fields including recent technologies helping students to take on any problem related to Computer Science. This has been one of the most lucrative and competitive course to study since its inception in Indian Engineering Colleges. This is really an excellent field to have opportunities both in software companies and higher studies. As computing is extensively applied to almost every walk of life, it creates massive jobs for Computer Engineering students. The Department of Computer Science and Engineering is renowned for cutting edge research and for imparting state of the art education through Industry Certified Labs, Latest software Technologies & Industrial collaborations. Arya group of college being the best engineering in college in Jaipur, Rajasthan provides the huge research platform to its student for their better growth and development. VISION AND MISSION: Vision:To become the centre of Excellence in the area of Computer Science and Engineering and to meet the needs of the society and industry in self-sustainable manner. Mission:To impart quality education and build a robust foundation of Computer Science and Engineering subjects among students so that they become capable to solve real-world problems. Salient Features: The department has young, energetic and highly qualified faculty members with PhD, PhD Pursuing and rest with M.Tech. Degree. The department has state of art research facilities like WIPRO lab, Advance Hardware Lab and Robotics Lab where students can explore and learn latest technologies and develope new projects. The Department has adequate teaching aids like Black/White board , Smart Board , LCD Projectors, Hand written notes and other teaching aids beneficial to the students. The department consists of a highly advance server with facilities for conducting various online exams like BARC, RRB, RPSC, BANK Exam, High Court Exam and etc. The Department collaborates with the WIPRO MTLC which is the first nodal centre in Rajasthan where students develope projects based on FPGA and Embeded system which are selected by WIPRO Bangalore. The Department publishes magazine and news letter quarterly that keeps students up-to-date. The department provides its resources for ARYA .Net Club that builds technical and Leadership qualities in students. Under this club students have developed various type of projects like HelloPandit.com, Rtupaper.com and Engineeringplanet.com. We conduct Tej Scholarship test to promote students. We run a program in collabartion with Infosys named as Infosys Campus Connect that fill the gap between academics and industries. The department conducts placement online exam (POLE) for the various placement drive. The department organises MSIT traning program with the collabration of Microsoft for students of III year imparting knowledge for latest programming language and Technologies. The Department has advance Robotics Lab which was developed with the efforts of students of our department providing hardware and software knowledge 24*7. With the central library we also have a departmental library for the students to refer from the previous projects as well as magazine and journals on their topic of interest. The Department provides beyond the curriculam lab of CCNA with CISCO Routers to explore the calibre of students. Webinars are conducted by Infosys on current technologies by industrial Experts for the benefits of the students. The department is associated with Microsoft as MSP(Microsoft Student Partners) that enhanced the awareness of Microsoft products. MESSAGE BY HOD: Department of Computer Science and Engineering always strives to provide necessary support system to enable its students to become great scholars, scientists, engineers, leaders, and, above all, complete persons. We would like our teachers to be role models as truth-seekers and torchbearers leading our students to learn not only what is known but also explore the hidden treasures and discover and disseminate knowledge that would enrich the humankind. DEPARTMENTAL GOALS `To establish centers of excellence in various fields of Computer Science. To encourage faculty members to take-up R&D; and consultancy projects in the area of Computer Science and Engineering. To train faculty members in the advanced domains of Computer Science. To prepare students for successful careers and lifelong learning in computer science and engineering with strong professional ethics and behaviour. To ensure effective teaching and learning process and quality research. To encourage innovations, product design and new technologies. "As a department it is our responsibility to prepare the students to stand in the challenging times and adapt themselves to the changing technologies." INDUSTRIAL EDUCATION TRAINING PARTNER: Bosch Google PROJECTS: The students of Computer Science and Engineering Department have been excellent work in successfully building projects ; a few are as follow : Android application: Place directory Kid mania Save me here Health care Online book finder TOP RECRUITERS: CAPEGEMINI TCS INFOSYS IBM COGNIZANT ZYCUS ACCENTURE HCL AMAZON TECH MAHINDRA WIPRO INDUSTRIAL TOURS & TRAININGS: Internships and trainings are mandatory in VI semesters of 60 days. TCS INFOSYS ALUMNI Our alumni are spread all around the world and are serving in reputed companies making our computer science department extremely proud. Departmental Labs Case Lab Data Mining & Warehousing Lab Linux & Shell Programming Lab Software Testing & Validation Lab GUI Lab Data Compression Lab OOPS Lab Programming In java Project Lab Design & Analysis Of Algorithms Lab Computer Graphics & Multimedia Lab Internet programming Lab UML Lab DBMS Lab DATA Structure Lab VLSI Lab Computer Programming Lab Computer Programming - II Lab .Net Lab Oracle Lab Advance Computer Networks Lab Robotics Lab Wirpo Lab Hardware Lab Operating System Simulation Lab Compiler Design Lab C Programming Lab Project Lab / R&D; Lab FPGA Lab Database Lab Linux And Network Programming Lab Java Programming Lab Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


AIETM | Best Engineering College in Jaipur R&D; LAB ARYA NOTES ADMISSIONS 2023 ALUMNI PAY FEE ACADEMIC CALENDAR STUDENT CORNER 1800-102-1044 9351157438 Toggle navigation Home About AIETM About College About Group Overview Campus Tour Affiliation AICTE MANDATORY DISCLOSURE President's Message Director's Message Principal's Message Mission-Vision Rules & Regulations Core Values Awards Quality Policy Our Philosophy Advisory Board Governing Body Organogram Academics Admission Procedure B.Tech Prospectus-2020 DEPARTMENTS Computer Science Engineering Electrical Engineering Civil Engineering Mechanical Engineering First Year - Humanities OTHER LINK Student-Grievances Feedback Training & Placement Message from HOD Features of T&P; Cell Ensuring Employability Student Development Cell Entrepreneurship Development Cell Career Guidance Cell Our-Recuriters Campus Events ACADEMIC Faculty Development Program Seminar and Workshop National Conference NONACADEMIC Shraddhanjali Top Guns (Farewell) Jewels (Freshers) Annual Function Sports Meet Festival Celebrations Facilities Hostel Library ICT Enabled LTs Computing Facilities WiFi Campus Sports Facilities Transportation Cafeteria Gymnasium Auditorium OPD ATM Studio Bank Loan Assistance Other Facilities Contact Arya College, Jaipur Student Development Cell Student Development Cell In the world of professionalism, studying the syllabus alone makes the transmission towards professional career only 10% complete. We at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management have developed and evolved STUDENT DEVELOPMENT CELL (SDC) with the objective of bridging the gap between the academia and the corporate world. SDC is a group of ignited minds clustered to provide regular inputs for the complete development of a student by making him / her prepared to face all the challenges laid down by the competition in the Corporate Industry. Soft skills are identified to be the most critical skills in the current global job market especially in a Dynamic era of Technology. We at Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management realize and understand that only a quality budding technocrat can envision the growth and development of the nation. Therefore, the inculcation of soft skills among the students will be two faceted: to produce quality Engineers and to develop their knowledge, understanding, values and skills as well. Various soft skills identified and chosen to be implemented by the SDC are: 1\. Communicative skills. 2\. Creative thinking and Problem solving skills. 3\. Team work force. 4\. Life-long learning and Information Management. 5\. Entrepreneur skill 6\. Ethics, moral and professionalism. 7\. Leadership skills. "A comprehensive use of feedback of HR professionals of the corporate is made to further help students improve their skills". With great pride and contentment, SDC calls upon the students to be a partner in their growth for their career progression and employability enhancement. Industrial Alliances Contact us address F-29,Omaxe City, Ajmer Road, Jaipur (Rajasthan) - 302026 phone 0141-5140402 Mobile No 084321-00111 email admission@aryacollege.org Quick Links Courses Offered Campus Placement Student Corner Arya Notes Contact Us Pay Fee Alumni We are on Social Copyright Â© 2024 Arya Institute of Engineering Technology & Management. All rights reserved. 


